s: source
t: target
0: mlp query, normalized square
1: mlp query, softmax
2: mlp query, scaled softmax
3: mlp query, multihead scaled softmax
9: linear key value query, multihead scaled softmax

s: Edo ( 江戸 ?
t: Edo ( 江戸 ? )
0: Edo (      ? )
1: Edo (                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ) .
2: Edo (     ) (      ) .
3: Edo (                                                                                                                                                                                                 is a province .
9: Edo (    ?

s: Emory Parnell .
t: It also stars Barbara Bestar and Emory Parnell .
0: Emory Parnell was a started in the started of the started of the started of the second .
1: Emory Parnell Electron Party , and the Party .
2: Emory Parnell is a part of the Emory Parnell .
3: Emory Parnell is a more part of the Emory Parnell .
9: Emory Parnell is a parnell .

s: Buddha-Bhagavan ) .
t: Buddhists believe there have been many Buddhas who were alone , called pacceka-buddhas .
0: Buddha-Bhagavan and has been a started to the shape of the Buddha-Buddha-Buddha-Buddha-Bhagavan .
1: Buddha-Bhagan Bahan Band a and Bahan Band .
2: Buddha-Bhagavan ) is a started Buddha-Bhagavan .
3: Buddha-Bhagavan ( Budha-Bhagavan ) .
9: Buddha-Bhagavan is a start of the Buddha-Bhagavan .

s: A : We Are NOT Devo !
t: A : We Are Devo !
0: A : We Are NOTT Devo !
1: A : We Are NOT Devolved in the Are West Devolved to the Are West Devolved to the NOD !
2: A : Wee Are NOTT Devo .
3: A : We Are NOTD Devo !
9:

s: Osaka ( 大阪 , Ōsaka ? )
t: Osaka ( 大阪 ? )
0: Osaka (       , saaka ? )
1: Osaka (                                                                                                                                                     ) .
2: Osaka (    ,      ) (       ) .
3: Osaka (    , saka ) is a `` Osaka '' (      ) is a `` Osaka '' ) .
9: Osaka (    ,   ,    ,   ,    ,   , and a company , and the saka ? )

s: and Mario 's Time Machine .
t: In the Dr. Mario games first seen in 1990 , Mario is a doctor .
0: Mario 's Time Machine , and Mario 's Time Mario 's Time Mario 's Time .
1: Many ario 's Time Machine Maria 's Mario .
2: The Mario 's Time Machine .
3: The Mario 's Time Machine Mario 's Time Mario 's Time Mario 's Time Mario 's Time Mario 's Time Mario 's Time Mario 's Time Mario 's Time Mario 's Time Mario 's Time Mario 's Time Mario 's Time Mario 's Time Mario .
9: Mario 's Time Machine , a machine .

s: One could simply shout with joy . ''
t: I told the sisters about it so many times yesterday that they got quite fed up ( tired ) '' , adding , `` One could simply shout with joy . ''
0: One could simply shout with joy .
1: One could simply shout with joined to the south of the south of the south of the south of the south .
2: One could simply shout with joy '' .
3: One could simply shout with joy .
9: One could simply shout with joy .

s: She died on 1 November 1631 in Padua .
t: She died in Padua .
0: She died on 1631 in Padua .
1: She died on 11 November 13 , 16 November 16 , 11 November 16 , 16 .
2: She died on 1631 in Padua .
3: She died on 1631 November 1631 in Padua .
9:

s: , also known as the `` Shikon Jewel '' ) .
t: This created the Shikon jewel .
0: , also known as the `` Shikon Jewel '' .
1: , also known as the `` Shikon Jewell '' ) , and the song .
2: , also known as the `` Shikon Jewel '' .
3: , also known as the `` Shikon Jewel '' .
9:

s: Not every bird species builds or uses a nest .
t: Some species make cup-shaped nests , while others make jug-like nests with little holes in the sides .
0: Not every birds or uses builds or uses a nest .
1: Not every birds are also be series .
2: The composers or uses a nest .
3: Not every birds species builds or uses a nest .
9:

s: Encyclopædia Britannica , Inc. split in 1999 .
t: On 20 February 2007 , Encyclopædia Britannica , Inc. said that it was working with mobile phone search company AskMeNow to make an encyclopedia in phones .
0: Encyclop , Inc. split in 1999 .
1: Encyclope in Britan in 1999 .
2: Encyclopdia Britannica , Incyclop slit in 1999 .
3: Encyclopdia Britannica , Inc. split in 1999 .
9: Encyclopádia Britannica , Inc. split in 1999 .

s: It focused instead on its PPP / PFI activities .
t: Following significant losses on certain construction contracts it adopted a new policy of having the PPP / PFI businesses , in which it had been quite successful , as core activities .
0: It focused instead on its PPPI / PPI / PI activities .
1: It for the test of the Party Party in Paris .
2: It focused instead on its PPII P / P / P / P / P / P / P / P / P / P / P / P / P / P / P / P / P / P / P / P / PFII activities .
3: It focused instead on its PFI activities .
9:

s: Punch 's wife was originally called `` Joan . ''
t: Punch 's wife was originally `` Joan '' .
0: Punch 's wife was originally called `` Joan '' .
1: Punch 's wife was originally called `` Joan '' '' .
2: Punch 's wife was originally called `` Joan '' .
3: Punch 's wife was originally called `` Joan '' .
9: Punch 's wife was originally called `` Joan '' .

s: The card for the event featured two main events .
t: The card for the event has two main events .
0: The card for the events featured two main events .
1: The card for the event feature .
2: The card for the events .
3: The card for the events featured two main events .
9:

s: ( 1872 : The chiming clock again begins working . )
t: A clock chimes and the figures on the clock move .
0: The chiming chiming clock again begins working .
1: The 72 : The chiming clock agains and some .
2: The chiming clock again begins working clock again begins working clock again begins working .
3: The chiming chiming clock again begins working .
9: The chiming clock again begins working .

s: THE HIDDEN CITY ( 1950 - 71 minutes ) Sue England .
t: It runs for 71 minutes .
0: The HIDEN ( 1950 - 1950 - 1950 ) Sue England .
1: The HIDED NHDE YTE ( 50-17 , 1950 ) is a to the Europe .
2: The HIDE CID CI ( 1950 - 7 minutes ) Sue England .
3: The HIDE DE ( 1950 - 1950 - 1 minutes ) Sue England .
9: The HIDDEN CITY ( 1950 - 71 minutes ) Sue England .

s: 1 and − 1 divide ( are divisors of ) every integer .
t: For example , if the last digit is even ( 0 , 2 , 4 , 6 or 8 ) , then 2 is a divisor .
0: 1 and divisors of the started integer .
1: 1 and different is are divisors of the several to the several .
2: 1 and -1 divide ( are divisors of ) every integer .
3: 11 and -11 divide ( are divisors of ) every integer .
9: 1 divide ( are divide ) is a strong .

s: Kroes started dating Dutch DJ Sunnery James in 2009 .
t: In 2010 she married Sunnery James a DJ .
0: Kroes started dating Dutch Dutch James in 2009 .
1: Kroes started dating Dutch December 2009 .
2: Kroes started dating Dutch Dutch Dutch Dutch Dutch Dutch Dutch Dutch Dutch Dutch Dutch Dutch Dutch Dutch Dutch Dutch Dutch Dutch Dutch Dutch Dutch Dutch Dutch Dutch Dutch Dutch Dutch Dutch Dutch Dutch Dutch Dutch Dutch Dutch Dutch .
3: Kroes started dating Dutch Dutch Dutch Dutch Dutch Dutch Dutch Dutch Dutch Dutch Dutch Dutch Dutch Dutch Dutch Dutch Dutch Dutch Dutch Dutch Dutch Dutch Dutch Dutch Dutch Dutch Dutch Dutch Dutch Dutch Dutch Dutch Dutch Dutch .
9:

s: The enshrined kami is Isonotakeru no mikoto ( 五十猛命 ? )
t: This place is special to the kami named Isonotakeru no mikoto ( 五十猛命 ? )
0: The enshrined kami is Isonotakeru no mikoto (         ? )
1: The enshrined kamination one of the to koto keep to the south of the south of the south of the south of the south of the south of the south of the south of the south of the south of the south of the south .
2: The enshrined kami is Isonotakeru no mikoto (      ) .
3: The enshrined kami is Isonotakeru no mikoto (     ) is Isonotakeru not (     ) is Isonotakeru not (      ) ) .
9: The enshrined kami is Isonotakeru no mikoto (      ? )

s: Sodium iodate ( NaIO3 ) is the sodium salt of iodic acid .
t: Sodium iodate is a chemical compound .
0: Sodium iodium is a caid .
1: Sodium is a composed a composed in the Nation in the city .
2: Sodium iodate ( Na IIO3 ) is the sodium salt of iodic acid .
3: Sodium iodium salt of is the sodium salt of iodic acid .
9:

s: Chemistry and crystal structure together define a mineral .
t: A mineral is a chemical compound with a given composition and a defined crystal structure .
0: Chemistry and crystal structure together defineral .
1: Chemistry and crystal structure to the started to mineral .
2: Chemistry and crystall structure together definee a mineral .
3: Chemistry and crystal structure together defineral .
9:

s: Critically wounded , Selena ran towards the lobby for help .
t: Selena ran to the hotel lobby where she fell .
0: Critically wounded , Selena towards the lobby for help .
1: Critically wounded , Selena range was a the lobe because the band the band the band the season .
2: Critically wounded , Selena ran towards the loby for help .
3: Selena ran towards towards towards towards the lobby for help .
9:

s: All the Hardy Boys novels have been written by ghostwriters .
t: The Hardy Boys have been called `` a cultural touchstone all over the world '' .
0: All the Hardy Boys novels have been by good .
1: All the Hardy Boys novels have been written by the Boys .
2: All the Hardy Boys novels have been writen by ghostwriters .
3: All the Hardy Boys novels have been by ghostwriten by ghostwriters .
9:

s: An example is amethyst , which is a purple variety of quartz .
t: Most crystals have imperfect shapes because their growth was limited by other crystals forming next to them .
0: An example is a purple variety of quartz .
1: An example is a compound which is made the variety of quarter .
2: An example is a purple variety of quartz .
3: An example is a purple variety of quartz .
9:

s: The mating process differs in different geographical regions .
t: The mating process differs in different regions .
0: The mating process different geographical regions .
1: The mating process different for fertific of the called to the second .
2: The mating process different geographical regions .
3: The mating process different geographical regions .
9: The mating process different geographical regions .

s: In the playoffs , Ortiz hit .409 with 5 home runs and 23 RBIs .
t: After moving up and down from the majors to the minors , Ortiz hit .272 with 20 home runs and 75 RBI in 2002 , when the Twins lost in the American League Championship Series to the Anaheim Angels .
0: In the playofs , Ortiz hit 430 with 530 with 53 RBIs .
1: In the played for Ortizen the 1995 .
2: In the playofs , Ortiz hit .....
3: In the playofffs , Ortiz hit .
9:

s: Chabot played in the National Hockey League from 1926 to 1937 .
t: Lorne played in the National Hockey League from 1926 to 1937 .
0: Chabot played in the National Hockey League from 1936 to 1936 .
1: Chabot played in the National Hockey League from 1992 .
2: Chabot played in the National Hockey League from 1926 to 1926 to 1926 to 1926 to 1926 to 1926 to 1926 to 1926 to 1926 to 1926 to 1937 .
3: Chabot played in the National Hockey League from 1926 to 1926 to 1937 .
9:

s: Ilmor also delivered engines to the Tyrrell team in that year .
t: Ilmor also supplied engines to the Tyrrell team in 1992 .
0: Ilmorred engines to the Tyrrell team in the Tyrrell team in the Tyrrell team in the Tyrrell team in the Tyrrell team in the Tyrrell team in the Tyrrell team in the Tyrrell team in the Tyrrell the Tyrrell team in the Tyrrell team in the Tyrrell team .
1: Ilmore also the Treat the Treat the Tyrrelling the most to the most to the Treat the most of the series .
2: Ilmor also delivered engines to the Tyrell team in that year .
3: Ilmor also delivered engines to the Tyrell team in the Tyrell team in the Tyrell team in the Tyrell team in the Tyrell team in the Tyrrell team in the Tyrell to the Tyrell to the Tyrell to the Tyrell .
9:

s: Burney was fifteen by the time her father remarried , in 1767 .
t: In October 1767 , her father married a rich widow .
0: Burney was fifteen by the time her father father father father father father father father father father father father father father father father father father father father father father .
1: Burney was first for the first her father remained , and 1776 .
2: Burney was fifteen by the time her father father remarried , in 1767 .
3: Burney was fifteen by the time her father father father remarried , in 1767 .
9:

s: The tune is re-stated strongly , as we expect , then developed .
t: Again there is a big tune in the middle .
0: The tune is re-stated strongly , as week then developed .
1: The tune is re-stated strong , which are , the people .
2: The tune is re-stated strongly , as wee expect , then developed .
3: The tune is re-stated strongly , as weeloped .
9:

s: IP addresses should rarely , if ever , be blocked indefinitely .
t: Most blocks should be for 24 hours , but a user may be blocked for longer if it is needed .
0: IPa ddressesses should rarely , if ever , belong the part of the should rarely .
1: It addresses should rare also be the because of the see .
2: IP addresses should rarely , if ever , bee blocked indefinitely .
3: In the blocked indefinitely , blocked indefinitely .
9:

s: ( It is used in all of the Star Wars and Indiana Jones movies . )
t: It is used in all of the Indiana Jones movies .
0: In the Star Wars and Indiana Jones movies .
1: It is a used in the of the Star Wars and Indiana Jones Indian James Indian .
2: It is used in all of the Star Wars and Indiana Jones movies .
3: It is used in all of the Star Wars and Indiana Jones movies .
9: It is used in all of the Star Wars and Indiana Jones movies .

s: Of these , the treble and bass clefs are by far the most common .
t: The music for a pianist 's left hand may be written in the bass clef , and the right hand notes may be in the treble clef .
0: The treble are a scle and bass clefs are by far the most common .
1: Of these , the tree are also see of the base are many be common .
2: The treble and bass clefs are by fare by far the most common .
3: The treble and bass clefse and bass clefs are by far the most common .
9: The treble and bass clefs are by far the most common .

s: The hippopotamus is the type genus of the family Hippopotamidae .
t: It is one of only two species in the family Hippopotamidae that are still alive .
0: The hippotamus is the type genus of the family Hippotamidae .
1: The his popular is a party of the House of Hamp .
2: The hippotamus is the type genus of the family Hippotamidae .
3: The hippotamus is the type genus of the family Hippotamidae .
9:

s: A portion of the galaxies we can observe are classified as active .
t: This is because the mass within a galaxy holds the galaxy together , and the same applies to the groups of galaxies , such as our Local Group .
0: A portion of the galaxies were can observe are classified as active .
1: A portion of the galaxies were a observed a serves .
2: A portion of the galaxies week can observe are classified as active .
3: A portion of the galaxies were can observe are classified as a porticle .
9:

s: Bermuda was discovered in 1503 by Spanish explorer Juan de Bermúdez .
t: Bermuda was discovered in 1505 by Spanish navigator Juan de Bermúdez ( who said it to be inhabited only with pigs ) , after whom the islands are named .
0: Bermuda was discovered in 1503 by Spanish explorer Juan de Bermuda .
1: Bermuda was discovered in 1503 by Spanish explored June 1953 .
2: Bermuda was discovered in 1503 by Spanish explorered in 1503 by Spanish explorer Juan de Bermuda was discovered in 1503 by Spanish explorer Juan de Bermuda was discovered in 1503 .
3: Bermuda was discovered in 1503 by Spanish explorer Juan de Bermuda .
9: Bermuda was discovered in 1503 by Spanish explorer Juan de Bermuda .

s: The minimum raise is equal to the size of the previous bet or raise .
t: This is called `` Raising '' .
0: The minimum raise is equal to the size of the previous between the size of the previous between the size of the size of the previous between the size of the size of the size of the size of the size of the size of the size of the previous .
1: The minimum raised to the see the size of the previous between the see .
2: The minimum raise is equal to the size of the previous better raise .
3: The minimum raise is equal to the size of the previous between the preside .
9:

s: The club would also win the São Paulo Championships of 1952 and 1954 .
t: In 1953 , they took the Rio-São Paulo title and the Little World Cup - the club 's first international title - and in 1954 they walked off with another Rio-São Paulo as well as the Paulista do IV centenário de São Paulo .
0: The club would also win the Süo Paulo Championships of 1952 .
1: The club would also win the South Paris a Coinships of 1952 and 1954 .
2: The club would also win the Sōo Paulo Championships of 1952 and 1954 .
3: The club would also win the Sáo Paulo Championships of 1952 and 1954 .
9:

s: Ovens may be wood-fired , coal-fired , gas , electric , or oil-fired .
t: The utensils used may be a plate , knife , fork , chopsticks , spoon , bowl , or spork .
0: The small fired , and the small fired , gas , electric , or oil-fired , and the small fired .
1: Oven the storm of the second , fire , and some a control , control , and some a collection .
2: The coal-fired , coal-fired , coal-fired , gas , electric , or oil fired .
3: The wood-fired , coal-fired , coal-fired , gas , gas , or oil-fired .
9: The fired , coal-fired , coal-fired , gas , electric , or oil-fired .

s: Newly hatched tadpoles soon develop gill pouches that cover the gills .
t: After hatching they are tadpoles , which live in the water and have gills .
0: Newly have the gills of gills .
1: The second the secoles soon the local close the second the second the second the second the second the second the second .
2: Newly hatched tadpoles soon develop gills .
3: Newly hatched tadpoles soon develop gill pouches that cover that cover that cover that cover that cover that cover that cover that cover that cover that cover that cover the gills .
9:

s: On 23 May 2006 , Def Leppard released an all-covers album titled Yeah !
t: In 2006 , Def Leppard releases their album `` Yeah '' .
0: On 23 May 2006 , Defpard released an all-covers album titled Year .
1: On 23 May 2006 , Defense are album , and all-covers album title Yar !
2: On 23 May 2006 , Defference on 23 May 23 May 2006 , Defference of the Yeah .
3: On 23 May 2006 , Def Lepard released an all-covers album titled Yeah !
9:

s: The theme of this PPV was that every championship in WWE was defended .
t: Similar to the last five events , the concept of the show was that every championship in the company was defended at the event .
0: The theme of this PPV was the very championship in WWE was defended .
1: The the Party is a also the Party in WWE picture Winter .
2: The theme of this PV was that every championship in WWE was defended .
3: The theme of this PV was the offered .
9:

s: ( Josiah Winslow was a half-brother , being a son of Edward Winslow . )
t: One of his step-brothers became Plymouth Colony Governor Josiah Winslow .
0: ( Josia Winslow was a son of Edward Winslow ) , being a son of Edward Winslow .
1: When that was a born and the to be a born in English World War .
2: ( Josiah Winslow was a half-brother , being a son of Edward Winslow ) .
3: ( Josiah Winslow was a half-brother , being a son of Edward Winslow ) .
9:

s: A large glove covers the rod and is attached to the neck of the puppet .
t: Jumping Jack : A puppet where the arms and legs of the puppet are joined to a string .
0: A large large large large large large large large the neck of the puppet .
1: A large glove coversity of the control of the to the control .
2: A large glovers the rod and is attached to the neck of the puppet .
3: A large glovers the rod and is a large to the neck of the puppet .
9:

s: Star Fox Command returns the series to its roots as an air-combat game .
t: It is the fifth game in the Star Fox series .
0: Star Fox Command returns the series to its roots and returns the series .
1: Star Fox Command returns the series to its roots as a main-combat .
2: Star Fox Command returns the series to its roots as a star Fox Combat game .
3: Star Fox Command returns the series to its roots an air-combat game .
9:

s: As Isolde arrives at his side , Tristan dies with her name on his lips .
t: As Isolde arrives at his side , Tristan dies while speaking her name .
0: As Isolde arrives at his side , Tristan dies with his lips .
1: As Isolde arrives at his side , Tristan dies with her name on his like the series .
2: Tristan dies with his side , Tristan dies with her name on his lips .
3: The solde arrives at his side , Tristan dies with her name on his lips lips .
9:

s: Recently , a new , suppressive function of B cells has been discovered .
t: The main functions of B cells are : Recently , a new , suppressive function of B cells has been discovered .
0: Recently , an edition of Bcells has been discovered .
1: Recently , a new , supports of function of Belgish and been discovered .
2: Recently , a new , suppressive function of Bcells has been discovered .
3: Recently , a new , suppressive function of Bcels has been discovered .
9:

s: The ratio of frequencies of two notes an octave apart is therefore 2:1 .
t: Two notes that are an octave apart sound very similar , almost like the same note .
0: The ration of frequencies of two notes and other started the ration of the ration of the ration of the ration of the ration of the ration of the ration of the ration of the ration of the ration of the ration of the ration .
1: The ration of the first of the first of the first of the the first : 1 to the first of the first .
2: The ratio of frequencies of two notes an octave apart is therefore 2 : 2 : 2 : 2 : The rational of two notes and the rational the ration of frequencies of two notes and the rations .
3: The ration of frequencies of two notes an octave apart is the 2:1 .
9:

s: Thermal protection for crew and extra cooling for engine and machinery .
t: This model has more cooling for the engine and other machines .
0: Thermal protection for crew and extra cooling for enginery .
1: There are concert of the control of the control of the control of the concert .
2: Thermal protection for crew and extra cooling for enginee and machinery .
3: Thermal protection for crew and extra cooling for enginery .
9:

s: In pizzerias , pizza is served in a dish in its traditional round shape .
t: 2 ) In Pizza Restaurants ( Pizzerias ) it is served in a dish in its traditional round shape .
0: In pizzzard shape , pizza is a dish in a dish in in a dish in a dish in a dish in a disastrible .
1: In pizzerial , pizzard is a short and short its the still and the shape .
2: In pizzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzze in a dishape .
3: In pizzzerias , pizza is served in a dish in a dish in its traditional round shape .
9:

s: Landfall is the event of a storm moving over land after being over water .
t: Landfall is when a tropical cyclone or waterspout moves from being over water to being over land .
0: Landfall is the event of a storm moving over landfall is the event of a storm .
1: Landfall is the event of a storm movie very for the first and the first .
2: Landfall is the event of a storm moving over landfall is the every water .
3: Landfall is the event of a storm moving over landfall in the event over water .
9:

s: Her neighbor was called and watched as she produced several animal parts .
t: She was watched closely .
0: Her neighbor was called as she produced as she produced several animal parts .
1: Her neighbor was called and watched as she produced several and many and several and several and several and several .
2: Her neighborr was called and watched as she produced several animal parts .
3: Her neighbor was called and watched as she produced several parts .
9:

s: The 1138 Aleppo earthquake was among the deadliest earthquakes in history .
t: The 1138 Aleppo earthquake happened near the town of Aleppo in northern Syria on 11 October 1138 .
0: The 1138 Aleppo earthquakes in history .
1: The 1138 Alephant was a part of the quarted to the earthquakes in history .
2: The 1138 Alepoo earthquakes in history .
3: The 1138 Alepo earthquake was among the deadliest earthquakes in history .
9:

s: The forme was mounted in a press , inked , and an impression made on paper .
t: The forme was mounted in a machine press , inked , and an impression made on paper .
0: The forme was mounted in a pression made on paperssion made on papers .
1: The formed to mounted in a present in the season .
2: The forme was mounted in a pression made on paper .
3: The forme was mounted in a pression made on paper .
9:

s: Mercury consists of approximately 70 % metallic and 30 % silicate material .
t: Mercury is made of about 70 % metallic and 30 % silicate material .
0: Mercury consists of approximately 70 % metallicately 70 % silicately 70 % silicately .
1: Mercury consists of a produce in the or example and 30 % of the common the conside .
2: Mercury consists of approximately 70 % 70 % silicate material .
3: Mercury consists of approximately 70 % of a 30 % of a 30 % silicately .
9:

s: The palate / ˈpælɨt / is the roof of the mouth in humans and other mammals .
t: The palate is the roof of the mouth in humans and other mammals .
0: The palate is the mouth in humans and other mouth in humans and other mammals .
1: The palate of the many started of of the mouth in humans and many many many many many many many many and the some a many of the many and the season .
2: The palate is the roof of the roof of the mouth in humans and other mammals .
3: The palate is the roof of the roof of the mouth in humans and other mammals .
9: The palate is the roof of the mouth in humans and other mammals .

s: Priapus is a Greek god of fertility whose symbol was an exaggerated phallus .
t: Hermes was a phallic god , associated with fertility , luck , roads and borders .
0: Priapus is a Greek god of fertility whose symbol was an exaged phallus .
1: Priage is a stree are a lot the German sexual .
2: Priapus is a Greek godd of fertility whose symbol was an exagerated phallus .
3: Priapus is a Greek god of fertility whose symbol was an exagerated phallus .
9:

s: Of her six children with Alois , only Adolf and Paula survived to adulthood .
t: Of her six children with Alois , only Adolf and Paula survived childhood .
0: Of her six children with Alois , only Adolf and Paula survived to adult Adolf and Paula survived to adult Adolf and Paula survived to adult Adolf and Paula survived to adult Adolf and Paula survived to adult .
1: Of her six children with Alois , only Adolf and Paula survived to adult .
2: Of her six children with Alois , only Adolf and Paula survived to adulthod .
3: Of her six children with Alois , only Adolf and Paula survived to adulthod .
9:

s: Sony introduced a battery-powered portable stereo cassette recorder in 1970 .
t: In the 1970s , the cassette tape was improved .
0: Sony introduced a battery-powered powered powered power in 1970 .
1: Sony introduced a battle was a person the 1970s .
2: Sony introduced a battery-powered portable stereoo casseter recorder in 1970 .
3: Sony introduced a battery-powered powered power introduced a batter in 1970 .
9:

s: It is the ninth-largest island in the world and the largest island in Europe .
t: England is the biggest part of the island .
0: It is the ninth-largest island in the world and in Europe .
1: It is the ninth largest is and in the world and the largest is and in Europe .
2: It island in the ninth-largest island in the world and the largest island in Europe .
3: It is the ninth-largest island in the largest in the largest in Europe .
9:

s: PaRappa the Rapper is regarded as the first `` modern '' popular rhythm game .
t: PaRappa the Rapper is a rhythm video game created by Rodney Greenblat , Masaya Matsuura and his company , NanaOn-Sha , in 1996 .
0: PaRappappapper is a popular regarded as the first `` modern '' popular rhythm game .
1: PaRappa the Rapper is regarded as the first `` modern '' popular '' .
2: PaRapa the Rapper is regarded as the first `` modern '' popular rhythm game .
3: Pappapapa Rapper is regarded as the first `` modern '' popular rhythm game .
9:

s: Numerous subfamilies are recognized , but only some of them are listed below .
t: Many subfamilies are recognized .
0: Numerous subfamilies are recognized , but only some of them of them are listed below .
1: The sous subfamilies are recognized , but only sound be the most of the because the south .
2: The composers of the subfamilies are recognized , but only some of them are listed below .
3: The subfamilies are recognized , but only some of them are listed below .
9:

s: There he encountered the poet Vachel Lindsay , with whom he shared some poems .
t: While he was working at the hotel he met the poet Vachel Lindsay , who helped to make Hughes known as a new African-American poet .
0: There encountered the poems have been the shared some poems .
1: There he encounter the Victor the Victor League Victor .
2: There he encountered the poet Vachell Lindsay , with whom he shared some poems .
3: There he encountered the poet Vachel Lindsay , whom he shared shared shared shared shared some poems .
9:

s: Ross Island supports a colony of approximately half a million Adélie Penguins .
t: Ross Island supports a colony of about a half million ( 500 000 ) Adélie Penguins .
0: Rosss Island supports are a million Adélie Penguins .
1: Ross Island supports are of the Allphanism .
2: Ross Island supports a colony of approximately half approximately half approximately half approximately half approximately half approximately half approximately half approximately half approximately half and suprot .
3: Ross Island supports a colony of approximately half a millie Penguins .
9:

s: New York City was put under a blizzard warning during the height of the storm .
t: Blizzard warnings and winter storm warnings have been put in action .
0: New York City was put under a blizzard was put the height of the storm .
1: New York City was put under and the first to the find the he first of the most .
2: New York City was put under a blizard warning during the height of the storm .
3: New York City was put under a blizzard warning their during their during their storm .
9:

s: He died in his later years , after suffering two years with testicular cancer .
t: Before dying of testicular cancer .
0: He died in his later years , after suffering two years with the testicular cancer .
1: He died in his later years , and the first with the control test culture .
2: He died in his later years , aftering two years with testicular cancer .
3: He died in his later years , after suffering the died in his later .
9:

s: In 1991 , she released Seni Seçtim ( I Choose You ) , to even greater success .
t: It was a great success .
0: In 1991 , she released Seni Seni Seni Seni Seni Seni Seni Seni Seni Senie .
1: In 1991 , she released Senies ( II ) I Choose Young , to even greated successful .
2: In 1991 , she released Seni Seni Seni Seni Seni Seni Seni Seni Seni Seni Seni Seni Seni Seni Seni Seni Seni Seni Seni Seni Seni Seni Seni Seni Seni Seni Seni Seni Seni Seni Seni Seni Seni Seni Seni Seni .
3: In 1991 , she released Seni Seni Seni Seni Seni Senis , to even greater success .
9:

s: The series won numerous awards and was nominated for 63 Primetime Emmy Awards .
t: The series won many awards and was nominated for 63 Primetime Emmy Awards .
0: The series won numerous and was nominated for 63 Primetimetimetimetime Emmy Awards .
1: The series won numerous awards and was nominated for 36 miles .
2: The series won numerous awards and was nominated for 63 Primetime Emmmy Awards .
3: The series won numerous awards and was nominated for 63 Primetimetimetimetimetimetimetimetimetimetimetimetimetimetimetimetimetimetimetimetimetimetimetimetimetimetimetimetimetimetimetimetimetimetimetimetimetimetimetimetimetimes .
9:

s: His parents did not marry and his father showed no interest in his son 's life .
t: His parents did not marry .
0: His parents did not marry and his father showed not marry and his son 's life .
1: His parents did not marry and his father showed not the season his song .
2: His parents did not marry and his father showed not marry and his son 's life .
3: His parents did not marry and his father showed not marry and his son 's life .
9:

s: Charizard returns in Pokémon Ranger : Guardian Signs as another boss character .
t: In 2004 , the `` Charizard Medium Plush '' was part of a major recall of 13 plush toys due to a manufacturing fault where tips of needles were being found with the stuffing .
0: Charizard returns in Pokémon Ranger : Guardian Signs and had a scharacter .
1: Charizard returns in Pokémon Ranger : Guardian Signs as a Guardian .
2: Charizard returns in Pokémon Ranger : Guardian Signs another boss character .
3: Charizard returns in Pokémon Ranger : Guardian Signs another boss character .
9:

s: Babbage was one of four children of Benjamin Babbage and Betsy Plumleigh Teape .
t: His mother was Betsy Plumleigh Babbage .
0: Babbage was one of of Benjamin Benjamin Benjamin Benjamin Benjamin Benjamin Benjamin Benjamin Benjamin Benjamin Benjamin Benjamin Benjamin Benjamin Benjamin Benjamin Benjamin Benjamin Babbage .
1: Babbage was one of four children of Benjaming Babage Babable Benja Beight Party .
2: Babbage was one of four children of Benjamin Betsy Plumleigh Teape .
3: Babbage was one of Benjamin Babage and Benjamin Babage and Betsy Plumleigh Teape .
9:

s: The Don ( Russian : Дон , IPA : ( don ) ) is one of the major rivers of Russia .
t: The Don ( Дон ) is one of the major rivers of Russia .
0: The Don ( Russian :    , IPA : ( don ) is one of the major rivers of Russia ) is one of the major rivers of Russia .
1: The Don ( Russian :                                 ) is and the Russian .
2: The Don ( Russian :      ,     , don ) is one of the major rivers of Russia .
3: The Don ( Russian :     , IPA :     ) is one of the major rivers of Russia .
9: The Don ( Russian :       , IPA : ( don ) is one of the major rivers of Russia .

s: and it is because they do n't understand what Parkour is ; ` Who is the best ? '
t: Star Jumping Parkour does involve risks and many people get injured every day .
0: and it is because they do n't understand what Parkour is the best ?
1: and it is because they do not understand what Park , which `` White the With White '' .
2: Who is they do n't understand what Parkour is ; Who is the best ' .
3: They do n't understand who is the because they do n't and who is the best `` Who is the best '' .
9: and it is because they do n't understand what Parkour is ; ` Who is the best ? ''

s: The knob on the right is a dummy ; the one on the left actually opens the door .
t: The knob on the right is fake ; the one on the left opens the door .
0: The knob on the right is a dummy ; the one one one on the left actually opens the door .
1: The known as a compound the to the the one one of the contually of the control .
2: The knob on the right is a dummy .
3: The knob on the right is a dummy ; the one one one one one of the door .
9:

s: Amethyst is a semiprecious stone and is the traditional birthstone for February .
t: The rock amethyst is the birthstone of the month February .
0: Amethystone for February 1999 .
1: American is a series are the band the band the band the births one for February .
2: Amethystone and is the traditional birthstone for February .
3: Amethyst is a semiprecious stone and is the traditional births and is a semiprecial births .
9:

s: If insects have access , maggots hatch and begin to feed on the body 's tissues .
t: If insects lay eggs , maggots hatch and begin to feed on the body 's tissues .
0: If insects have access , maggots have a stissues .
1: If insects have a cessage of the battle of the back to the back body 's seconds .
2: If insects have access , magots have a composers , the body 's tissues .
3: If insects have access , maggots have a stach and begin to feed on the body 's tissues .
9:

s: Fire ant is the common name for several species of ants in the genus Solenopsis .
t: The dirt sometimes had fire ants in it .
0: Fire anti still species of ants in the genus Solenopsis .
1: Fire anti-sent of the season of several species of the series .
2: Fire ants the common name for several species of ants in the genus Solenopsis .
3: Fire ants is the common name for several species of ants in the genus Solenopsis .
9:

s: He thinks nothing of this , for the only person who calls him ` Ned ' is Jasper .
t: Edwin does n't listen to her , but he knows that Jasper sometimes calls him Ned .
0: He thinks not his Jasperson who called the only person who called the `` Ned '' .
1: He thinks not the of this , for the only person who called `` New 's '' .
2: He thinks nothing of this , for the only person who calls him `` Ned '' is Jasper .
3: He thinks nothing of this , for this Jasper .
9:

s: Hercules and Iolaus head off to find the beasts and rescue the village 's women .
t: Hercules and Iolaus head off to find the beast and rescue the village 's women .
0: Hercules and Iolause head of the beast and rescue the village 's women .
1: Hercules and Iolaus head of the find the beast seen the several to the second .
2: Hercules and Iolaus head of to find the beast and rescue the village 's women .
3: Hercules and Iolaus head of the beasts and rescue the village 's women .
9:

s: Clients were flown in for recreational buffalo and crocodile hunting and fishing .
t: People were flown in to hunt buffalo , crocodiles and fishing .
0: Clients were flown in for received fishing and crocodile hunting and fishing .
1: Clients were flown in for recreational building .
2: Clients were flown in for recreational buffaloo and crocodile hunting and fishing .
3: Clients were flown in for recreational buffalo and crocodile hunting .
9:

s: It is officially known as Avtomat Kalashnikova ( Russian : Автомат Калашникова ) .
t: The letters AK stand for Avtomat Kalashnikova , which is Russian for Kalashnikov 's Automatic Rifle .
0: It is officially known as Avtomat Kalas Avtomat Kalas , which is a started to the started of the started of the started of the started of the started .
1: It is officially known as Ava King , as a kove ( Russian :
2: It is officially known as Avtomat Kalashnikova ( Russian :                                                        ) is officially known as Avtomat Kalashnikova ( Russian ) .
3: It is officially known as Avtomat Kalashnikova ( Russian :              ) .
9: It is officially known as Avtomat Kalashnikova ( Russian : Russian : Russian : Russian :                                                                                                                                                    ) ) .

s: At this time , Hur Jun got to know Da-hee , an upper-class lady who was in exile .
t: She loved Hur Jun , thouh , The fact that Hur Jun had a wife deterred her from loving Hur Jun. .
0: Hurrich was a slady who was a he who he exile .
1: At this time , Hurrican July , Hawai , and John Hurican , which was was a sex .
2: Hurricane was in exile .
3: At this time , Hur Jun got to know Da-hee , and upper-class lass in exile .
9: Hur Jun got to know Da-hee , an upper-class lady who was in exile .

s: When Tadzio returns Aschenbach 's glances , Aschenbach himself also feels regret .
t: Tadzio walks past Aschenbach .
0: Whenbach 's glances , Aschenbachenbach 's glances , Aschenbachenbach 's glances , Aschenbachenbachenbach 's glances , Aschenbachenbach 's glances , Aschenbach 's glances , Aschenbach 's glances .
1: A conting the Archaels he bach 's gland the Aschenbach his second .
2: When Tadzio returns Aschenbach 's glances , Aschenbach himself also feelsf also feelsf also feelsf also feelsf also feelsf also feelsf also feelsf also feelsf also feelsf also feels regret .
3: When Tadzio returns Aschenbach 's glances , Aschenbach 's glances regret .
9:

s: It is a largely ceremonial position with only a minor role in day-to-day politics .
t: It is largely ceremonial position with only a small role in daily politics .
0: It is a largely ceremonial position with only a minor role in day-to-day-to-day-to-day-to-day-to-day-to-day to day to the secreemonial positics .
1: It is a large is a common is a common the started in the story .
2: It is a largely ceremonial position with only a minor role in day-to-day-to-day-to-day-to-day-to-day-to-day-to-day-to-day-to-day-to-day-to-day-to-day-to-day-to-day-to-day-to-day-to-day-to-day-to-day-to-day-to-o-day-tio-tay-tay .
3: It is a largely ceremonial position with only a minor role in day-to-day-to-day-to-day-to-day-to-day-to-day-to-day politics .
9:

s: Ultimately , the captain of the Parkwood agreed to tow the battered ship to shore .
t: Instead , the Parkwood pulled the damaged ship to land .
0: The captain of the captain of the Parkwood agreed to shore .
1: The Pately , the captain of the Park work and the back the battle to the to the band the produced to the state of the produced to the state .
2: The captain of the captain of the Parkwod agreed tow the battered ship to shore .
3: The Parkwood agreed to the Parkwood agreed to the Parkwood agreed ship town to shore .
9: The captain of the Parkwood agreed to tow the battered ship to shore .

s: In November 2007 , her first Japanese single `` Ashita e no Sanka '' was released .
t: She went on to debut with a Japanese-language single ( music ) in November the same year , titled Ashita e no Sanka , which can be translated as `` a song for tomorrow . ''
0: In November 2007 , her first Japanese single `` Ashita especially '' was released .
1: In November 2007 , her first Japanese single `` Ashion Araban '' and was released .
2: In November 2007 , her first Japanese single `` Ashita ee no Sanka '' was released .
3: In November 2007 , her first Japanese single `` Ashita enought Japanesed . ''
9:

s: Communal Jewish worship can be carried out wherever ten Jews ( a minyan ) assemble .
t: Jewish worship does not have to be carried out in a synagogue it can be wherever ten Jews are .
0: Communal Jewish worship carried out where ten Jews ( a minyan ) assemble .
1: Communal Jewish worship can be carried out where was the Jewish and Jewish as a been many be many be many be many be many be many be many be many be many be many be many be many be many be many be many of the series .
2: Communal Jewish worship can be carried out where ten Jews ( a minyan ) assemble .
3: Communal Jewish worship can be carried out where ten Jews ( a minyan ) assemble .
9:

s: The remaining detached parts of counties were transferred in the 1890s and in 1931 .
t: The remaining detached parishes were transferred in the 1890s and in 1931 .
0: The remaining detached parts of counties were transferred in the 1891 .
1: The remaining detached parts of country was for the 1980s in the 1980s and 1993 .
2: The remaining detached parts of counties were transfered in the 1890s and in 1931 .
3: The remaining detached parts of counties were transfered in the 1890s and in 1931 .
9:

s: Samuel was a son of Robert Fuller , a butcher , and his first wife Sarah Dunthorne .
t: Fuller was a son of Robert Fuller , a butcher .
0: Samuel was a son of Robert Fuller , and his first wife Sarah Dunthorne .
1: Samuel was a son of Robert Fuller , and the Dario .
2: Samuel was a son of Robert Fuller , and his first wife Sarah Dunthorne .
3: Samuel was a son of Robert Fuller , and his first wife Sarah Dunthorne .
9:

s: One of the first such clubs , was ` Sunday Tramps ' founded by Leslie White in 1879 .
t: Hiking can quickly become a fight for life .
0: One of the first such clubs , was `` Sunday Tramps '' founded by Leslie White in 1879 .
1: One of the first such clubs , was `` Sun '' The '' .
2: One of the first such clubs , was `` Sunday Tramps '' founded by Leslie White in 1879 .
3: One of the first such clubs , was `` Sunday Tramps '' founded by Leslie White in 1879 .
9:

s: Another legend involving Ryūjin is the story about how the jellyfish lost its bones .
t: A legend about Ryūjin is the story about how the jellyfish lost its bones .
0: Another legend involving Ryjjin is the story about how the jellyfish lost its bones .
1: Another legend in the Royal jine in the joined to be the state of the south of the series .
2: Another legend involving Ryōjin is the story about how the jellyfish lost its bones .
3: Another legend involving Ryjin is the story about how the jellyfish lost its bones .
9:

s: In August 2011 , he was loaned to SV Ried and had a two-year loan spell at the club .
t: 2011 he played on loan for SV Ried .
0: In August 2011 , he was loaned to SVR ied and had a two-year loaned at the club .
1: In August 2011 , he was loan and the Ried Vienna Royal States Van Royal States Vienna .
2: In August 2011 , he was loaned to SV Ried and had a two-year loaned to SV Ried and had a two-year loaned to SV Ried and had a two-year loaned to SV Ried and had a two-year .
3: In August 2011 , he was loaned to SV Ried and had a two-year loaned the club .
9:

s: As it turned out , it was the last time the Flyers missed the playoffs for 18 years .
t: The Flyers continued to be a strong team in the early 21st century , coming very close to making the Stanley Cup finals twice .
0: As it turned out , it was the last time the Flyers missed the playofs for 18 years .
1: As it turned out , it was the last the French years .
2: As it turned out , it was the last time the Flyers missed the playofs for 18 years .
3: As it turned out , it was the last time the Flyers missed the playofs for 18 years .
9: It was the last time the Flyers missed the playoffs for 18 years .

s: For example , 2 + 3 = 3 + 2 = 5 and 2 · 3 = 3 · 2 = 6 , but 23 = 8 , whereas 32 = 9 .
t: Then people write powers using the ^ sign : 2 ^ 3 means .
0: For example , 2 , 2 3 = 3 = 3 3 = 3 = 3 3 = 3 = 3 3 = 3 = 3 3 = 3 = 3 = 3 3 = 3 = 3 = 3 = 3 = 3 = 3 = 3 = 3 = 3 = 3 = 3 = 3 3 = 3 = 3 3 = 3 3 = 3 .
1: For example , 2 : 3 / 3 : 2 / 3 , 2 : 3 - : 3 - 2 : 3 , but 2 , 28 , where are : 3 .
2: For example , 2 3 ° 3 ′ 2 ″ W 3 ° 3 ′ 2 3 ° 2 ′ 3 ″ N 3 ° 2 ′ 3 ″ N 3 ° 2 ′ 32 ° 32 ′ 32 ° 32 ′ 32 ° 32 ′ 3 ° 2 ′ 32 ° 2 ′ 32 ° 3 ′ 2 ″ 3 ° 2 ′ 32 ° 3 ° 23 ° ′ 23 ° 23 ° 32 ′ 32 ° 3 ° 2 ′ 3 ″ 3 ° 2 ′ 3 ° 3 ° 2.
3: For example , 2 / 3 3 3 / 3 3  / 3 3  / 3 3  / 3   3 , 2 / 3   3 , 2 / 3   3  / 3  3     3 / 3 3    3 / 3 3   / 3 3   .
9: For example , 2 + 3 3 = 3 3 = 2 3 3 , 3 = 2 3 , 3 , but 2 = 3 , 2 ° 3 , 3 , whereas 32 ° 3 ′ 3 3 ° 3 ′ 3 3 ′ 3 3 3 ° 3 ′ 3 3 3 ′ 2 3 3 ′ 3 3 3 3 ° 3 3 ′ 2 3 3 3 3 ° 3 3 ′ 3 3 3 3 3 ° 3 3 3 ′ 3 3 3 ° 3 3 3 ° 3 3 3 3 ° 3 3 3 ° 3 3 .

s: It is home to half of the world 's total number of geysers in its nine geyser basins .
t: Most importantly , the temperatures near the bottom of the geyser become high enough to start boiling the water .
0: It is home to half of the world 's total number of geysers in its nine geysers .
1: It is home to has a series or the story of the season series .
2: It is home to half of the world 's total number of geysers in its nits nits nits nits nits nits nits nine geysers .
3: It is home to half of the world 's total number of geyser of geysers in its nine geyser basins .
9:

s: The Human League are an English electronic new wave band formed in Sheffield in 1977 .
t: The Human League is a British pop music band from Sheffield .
0: The Human League are an English helfield in 1977 .
1: The Human League are and English and the control was been for the first for the 1977 .
2: The Human League are an English electronic new wave band formed in Shefield in 1977 .
3: The Human League are an English electronic new ave band formed in 1977 .
9:

s: The Passenger Pigeon was an important source of food for the people of North America .
t: The Passenger Pigeon ( Ectopistes migratorius ) or wild pigeon was a species of pigeon that was once the most common bird in North America .
0: The Passenger Pigeon was an important source of of of of of North America .
1: The Passenger Pigeon was an important source of food for the people of North American .
2: The Passenger Pigeon was an important source of food food food food food food food food food food food food food food food food food food food food food food food food food food food food food food food food fod for for thes thes thes thes the t the the th
3: The Passenger Pigeon was an important source of North America .
9:

s: This way , the discovery of the Gigantoraptor holotype fossil was documented on film .
t: This way , the discovery of the Gigantoraptor fossil was captured on movie .
0: This way , the discovery of the Gigantoraptoraptoraptoraph old on film .
1: This way , the discovery of the Gigantoral or hology .
2: This way , the discovery of the Gigantoraptoraptoraptoraptor holotype fossil was documented on film .
3: This way , the discovery of the Gigantoraptoraptoraptoraptoraptoraptoraptoraptoraptoraptoraptoraptoraptoraptoraptoraptoraptoraptoraptoraptoraptoraptoraptoraptoraptoraptoraptoraptoraptoraptoraptoraptoraptoraption .
9:

s: The player then draws tiles from the bag to replenish his or her rack to seven tiles .
t: The player puts these tiles on a rack in front of him so that he can see them , but the others can not see which letters he has .
0: The player then draws tiles from the bag to replenis or example and the rack to seven tiles .
1: The player the serals times from the based to the series .
2: The player then draws tiles from the bagg to replenish his or her rack to seven tiles .
3: The player then draws the bag to replenish his or her rack to sevenish her rack to seven tiles .
9:

s: Philidor let all three opponents play white , and gave up a pawn for the third player .
t: Philidor also studied chess endgames , and the book gives generally accurate information about them .
0: Philidor let all three opponents player .
1: Philidor letter part of the part player .
2: Philidor letter all three opponents player .
3: Philidor let all three opponents player .
9:

s: Following the events of the WWE Brand Extension , an annual WWE Draft was established .
t: Following the events of the WWE Brand Extension , an annual WWE Draft was established , in which select members of the WWE roster are reassigned to a different brand .
0: Following the events of the WWE rand Extension , annual WWE rthe WED raft was established .
1: Following the events of the WWE Brand Extension , and War War England Washing Washing Washing Washing WWE .
2: Following the events of the WWE Brand Extension , annual WWE Draft was established .
3: Following the events of the WWE Brand Extension , and Extension , and Extension , and Extension , and Extension , and Extension , and Extension , and Extension , and Extension , and Extension , and Extension .
9:

s: The assembly line developed for the Ford Model T began operation on December 1 , 1913 .
t: The result was a cheaper car , the Ford Model T , and higher wages for Ford workers .
0: The assembly line developed for the Ford Model Tbegan operation on December 1913 .
1: The also became to the Formula March 1931 , 1931 , 1931 .
2: The assembly line developed for the Ford Model Tbegan operation on December 1 , 1913 .
3: The assembly line developed for the Ford Model Tbegan operation of December 1 , 1913 .
9:

s: Two types of sweat glands can be found in humans : Eccrine glands and apocrine glands .
t: The sweat glands in our skin contains two different groups of sweat glands : apocrine sweat glands and merocrine sweat glands .
0: Two types of sweath and apocrine glands .
1: Two types of sweat general control of the control of the second .
2: Two types of sweat glands can be found in humans : Ecrine glands and apocrine glands .
3: Two types of sweat glands can be glands .
9:

s: Although surprised by Bartolo , Rosina manages to fool him , but he remains suspicious .
t: She is surprised by Bartolo , but she manages to fool him .
0: Although surprised by Bartolo , Rosina manages to him , but he remains suspicious surprised by Bartol him , but he remains surprised by Bartol him , Rosina manages to him , but he remains surprised by Bartol him .
1: Although surprised by Bartology Rosina manages to football , but he remains .
2: Rosina manages to formed by Bartolo , Rosina manages to fool him , but he remains suspicious .
3: Although surprised by Bartolo , Rosina manages to fool him , but he remains suspicious surpicious .
9:

s: A second series was recorded in late 2008 and began broadcast on BBC1 on 20 April 2009 .
t: A second series started on 20 April 2009 .
0: A second series was recorded in late 2008 and began broadcast on BBC1 on BC1 on BC1 .
1: A second series was recorded in 2009 .
2: A second series was recorded in late 2008 and began broadcast on BBC11 on BBC11 on 20 April 2009 .
3: A second series was recorded in late 2008 and broadcast on BBC 1989 .
9:

s: In the Australian Grand Prix , he and teammate Pedro de la Rosa were unable to qualify .
t: His first race was the 2005 Australian Grand Prix .
0: In the Australian Grand Prix , he and teammate Pedro de law el to qualify .
1: In the Australian Grand Prix , he and the mater Parol Roman Roman Roman and Roman Roman and Roman Roman Roman Roman and Roman Roman and Roman and Roman Raw and Roman Raw and Roman Roman Roman and Roman Roman .
2: In the Australian Grand Prix , he and teamate Pedro de la Rosa were unable to qualify .
3: In the Australian Grand Prix , he and teammate Pedro dere unable to qualify .
9:

s: It was built in 1831-1834 for sugarcane planter David Weeks and his wife Mary C. Weeks .
t: Original owners David and Mary Weeks were rich growers of sugarcane .
0: It was built in 1834 for sugarcane planter David Weeks and his wife Mary C. Weeks .
1: It was built in 1831 -1843 .
2: It was built in 1831 for sugarcane planter David Weeks and his wife Mary CWeeks .
3: It was built in 1831 for sugarcane plane planter David Weeks and his wife Mary C. Weeks .
9:

s: 19th century variants based on the standard bugle included both keyed and valved bugles .
t: 19th century versions based on the original bugle included keys and valves .
0: 19th century variants based on the standard bugles .
1: The band the variants based on the standard bugle in the band the band the band because .
2: 19th century variants based on the standard bugles .
3: The century variants based on the standard bugles .
9: The standard bugle included both keyed and valved bugle included both keyed and valved bugles .

s: For example , a court 's contempt powers arise sui generis and not from statute or rule .
t: He was sui generis . ''
0: For example , a court 's contempt powers arise suing eneris and not from statute or rule .
1: For example , a court 's contempt powers are surface .
2: For example , a court 's contempt powers arise suite or rule .
3: For example , a court 's contempt powers are suing generis and not from statute or rule or rule .
9:

s: Malaria parasites can also be transmitted by blood transfusions , although this is rare .
t: People can also get malaria from a blood transfusion .
0: Malaria parasites can also be transmitted by lood transfusions , although this rare .
1: Malaria parasites can also be transmitted by blood transful , so the show the season .
2: Malaria parasites can also be transfusions , although this is rare .
3: Malaria palaria part of the transmitted by blood transfusions , although the transful are .
9: Malaria parasites can also be transfusions , although this is rare .

s: The 0s is usually considered the first decade of the 1st century and the 1st millennium .
t: The 0s are the first decade in the 1st century and 1st millennium .
0: The 1st decade of the 1st decade of the 1st millennium .
1: The second the lyric side the 10 first decade of the 11 to 11 years .
2: The 0ssually considered the first decade of the 1st century and the 1st millenium .
3: The studied usually considered the first decade of the 1st century and the 1st millennium .
9:

s: The nebula is almost 97 % hydrogen and 3 % helium , plus trace amounts of other elements .
t: The nebula is 97 % Hydrogen and 3 % Helium with trace materials .
0: The nebula is almost 977 % of other elements of the leements of other elements .
1: The nebula is almost 97 % hydrogen and 3.7 % of the team .
2: The nebula is almost 97 % hydrogen and 3 % hydrogen and 3 % hydrogen and 3 % hydrogen and 3 % hydrogen and 3 % hydrogen and 3 % hydrogen and 3 % hydrogen and 3 % hydrogen .
3: The nebula is almost 97 % of other elements .
9:

s: Another application of material science in industry is the making of composite materials .
t: This makes its structure more complex , and that makes it less likely to fail .
0: Another application of materials cience industry is the materials .
1: Another application of material science in in the state .
2: Another application of materials science industry is the making of composite materials .
3: Another application of materials cience industry is the making of composite materials .
9:

s: Homologous traits of organisms are therefore explained by descent from a common ancestor .
t: A homologous trait is any characteristic which is derived by evolution from a common ancestor .
0: Homologous traits of organisms are the started by descent from a common ancestor .
1: Homologous traits of organisms are the feeder and the second control .
2: Homologous traits of organism are therefore explained by descent from ancestor .
3: The started by the explained by the explained by descentor .
9:

s: In 2010 , at the invitation of the CAMA Festival , he visited Hanoï and Ho Chi Minh City .
t: In 2010 , invited by the CAMA Festival in Hanoï , Vietnam , he makes a Vietnam tour ( Hanoï and Ho Chi Minh City ) and upon his return , attends the ROTOTOM Sunsplash Festival in August 2010 .
0: In 2010 , at the invitation of the CAFA Festival , he was the visited Hono and Hono Chin Chini Minister .
1: In 2010 , at the invitation of the China .
2: In 2010 , at the invitation of the CAMA Festival , he visited Hano and Ho Chity .
3: In 2010 , at the invitation of the CAMA Festival , he visited Hano and Ho Chi Minh City .
9: In 2010 , at the invitation of the CAMA Festival , he visited Hanoö Chi Minh City .

s: SVG allows three types of graphic objects : vector graphics , raster graphics , and text .
t: This image shows the difference between bitmap and vector images .
0: SVG allows three types of graphics , and text .
1: SVG allows three types of graphic of the second , and philosophy , and a produce .
2: SVG allows three types of graphics , raster graphics , raster graphics , and text .
3: SVG allows three types of graphics , and the graphics , raster graphics , raphics , and text .
9: SVG allows three types of graphic objects : vector graphics , and text .

s: The tutelage helped Robinson raise his batting average from .296 in 1948 to .342 in 1949 .
t: The teaching helped Robinson raise his batting average from .296 in 1948 to .342 in 1949 .
0: The tuttelage helped Robinson raise his batting average from .
1: The tuter is helped Robinson in 1949 .
2: The tutelage helped Robinson raise his batting average from 1948 to 1.34 in 1949 .
3: The tutelage helped Robinson raise his batting average from 294 to .
9: The tutelage helped Robinson raise his batting average from .296 in 1948 to .

s: Nevertheless , he won the two events in which he swam , the 100 and 1200 meter freestyle .
t: He won the two events in which he swam , the 100 and 1200 meter freestyle .
0: He won the won the won the two events in which he was meter freestyle .
1: Nevertheless , he won the two events in which he sward .
2: Nevertheless , he won the two events in which he swam , the 1000 and 1200 meter freestyle .
3: The swam , he won the two events in which he swam , the 100 and 120 meter freestyle .
9:

s: For example , Chinese martial arts schools often require a student to kowtow to a master .
t: At some schools in Taiwan , students still have to kowtow to thank their teachers .
0: For example , Chinese martial arts schools often require a student to kowtowtow to a master .
1: For example , Chinese martial arts schools often require and the story .
2: Chinese martial arts schools of the schools often require a student to kowtowtowtow to a master .
3: The martial are also kowtow to arts schools often require a student to a master .
9: The Chinese martial arts schools often require a student to kowtow to a master .

s: In 2001 741 millimetres ( 29.2 in ) fell and in 2002 only 198 millimetres ( 7.8 in ) fell .
t: In 2001 741 mm fell , but in 2002 only 198 mm fell .
0: In 2002 millimetres ( 29 in ) fell and in 2002 millimetres ( 7.8 in ) fell .
1: In 2001 , 1920 limetres ( 29 miles ) is a 2008 miles ( 1982 miles ) .
2: In 2001 , the started only 19.2 in 2002 only 1988 millimetres ( 7.8 millimetres ) fell .
3: In 2001 , he was a millimetres ( 29.2 in 2002 ) fell and in 2002 .
9:

s: The accident killed its pilot John F. Kennedy , Jr. , and also his wife and sister-in-law .
t: He was the younger brother of former President John F. Kennedy and Senator Robert F. Kennedy , both of whom were assassinated , as well as Joe Kennedy , who was killed in World War II .
0: The accident killed its pilot John F. Kennedy , and also his wife and sister-in-law .
1: The accident killed its pilot John France , John , John , John King , John , John Fin-land .
2: The accident killed itser-in-law .
3: The accident killed its pilot John F. Kennedy , also hister-in-law .
9:

s: Four states of matter are observable in everyday life : solid , liquid , gas , and plasma .
t: There are four common states or phases of matter in the Universe : solid , liquid , gas , and plasma .
0: Four states of matter are observable in everyday life : solid , liquid , and plasma .
1: Four states of matter are of the bles , and a service , solid , and a small , and a series , and a served to the several .
2: Four states of matter are observable in everydaya life : solid , liquid , gas , and plasma .
3: The states of matter are observable in everyday liquid , liquid , liquid , gas , and plasma .
9:

s: Henry VIII died in 1547 ; Elizabeth 's half-brother , Edward VI , became king at age nine .
t: Elizabeth 's younger half-brother , Edward , became King even though he was only a child .
0: Henry VIII died in 1547 , Elizabeth 's half-brother , Edward VIII , became king at age nine .
1: Henry VII II was a born , Elizabeth 's had been the Elizabeth I , became a group .
2: Henry VIIII died in 1547 ; Elizabeth 's half-brother , Edward VII , became king at age nine .
3: Henry VII died in 1547 , Elizabeth 's half-brother , Edward VII , became king at a tage nine .
9:

s: In some areas , the species is threatened due to poaching and other anthropogenic factors .
t: In some areas , the species is threatened due to illegal hunting ( poaching ) and other human activities .
0: In some areas , the species is thropogenic factors .
1: In some areas , the species is threated to the properting and other and the properties .
2: The species is threatened due to poaching and other anthropogenic factors .
3: The some areas , the species is threatened due to poaching and other anthropogenic factors .
9:

s: Before the discovery , francium was referred to as eka-caesium and astatine as eka-iodine .
t: Before francium was discovered , it was called eka-caesium , and before astatine was discovered , it was called eka-iodine .
0: Before the discovery , francium was referred to as eka-iodine astatine as eka-odine .
1: Before the discovery , francium was referred to a series and make a station and a stories .
2: Before the discovery , francium was referred to as eka-caesium and astatine astatine .
3: Before the discovery , francium was referred to astatine and astatine astatine astatine astatine .
9:

s: Altruism or selflessness is the principle or practice of concern for the welfare of others .
t: Altruism ( or selflessness ) is concern for the well-being of others .
0: Altruism or selflessesses is the principle of concernt for the welfare of others .
1: Altruism or self of the first composer of or process .
2: Altruism or selfles is the principle or practice of concern for the welfare of others .
3: Altruism or selfless is the principle or practice of concern for the welfare of others .
9: Altruism or selflessnes is the principle or practice of concern for the welfare of others .

s: In simple terms , it is a question asked more to produce an effect than to summon an answer .
t: It is a question that is asked in order to make a point : it does not need a reply .
0: In simple terms , it is a question and more to summon an effect than to summon an an an early summon and the same for the same for the same for the see to summon and that that the second .
1: In simple terms , it is a question as a many and produce and the first of the months .
2: In simple terms , it is a question asked more to produce an effect than to summon answer .
3: In simple terms , it is a question asked more to produce and effect to summon and the top .
9: It is a question asked more to produce an effect than to summon an answer .

s: Later , altered landmasses would recombine to form the most recent supercontinent , Pangaea .
t: Later the landmasses would recombine to form the most recent supercontinent , Pangaea .
0: Later , altered landmasses would recombinent , Pangaea .
1: Later , altered landmasses would recording to formed to the technology .
2: Later , altered landmases would recombine to form the most recent supercontinent , Pangaea .
3: Later , altered langaeasses would recombinent , Pangaea .
9:

s: Her first soap role was scheming Natalie Bannon Hughes on As the World Turns from 1975-1978 .
t: Her first daytime role was that of `` Natalie Bannon Hughes '' on As the World Turns from 1975 to 1978 .
0: Her first soap role was scheming Natalie Bannon Hughes on Asheming Natalie Bannon Hughes on Astrica .
1: Her first soap role was school was a series and the World Asia World House of 1975 .
2: Her first soap role was scheming Natalie Bannon Hughes on Ass the World Turns from 1975-1975-1975-1975-1975-1975-1975-1975-1975-1975-1975-1975-1975-1975-1975-1975-1975-1975-1975-1975-1975-1975-1978 .
3: Her first soap role was scheming Natalie Bannon Hughes on Astalie Bannon Hughes on Astalie Bannon Hughes on Astalie Bannon Hughes on Astalie Bannon Hughes on Astalie Bannon Hughest .
9:

s: Flour tteokbokki was popular in early days , but rice tteokbokki is more popular these days .
t: Tteokbokki is divided into gungjung tteokbokki and general tteokbokki as one of Korean street foods .
0: Flour tteokbokkii was popular in early days , but rice tetokbokokboki is more popular the sed ays .
1: Flour the known is a popular in a book and , but rice to be known as a proport of the south .
2: Flour teeokbokii was popular in early days , but rice teeokbokobok is more popular these days .
3: Flour theoki was popular in early days , but rice tookiki is more popular the days .
9:

s: It becomes wider near the delta of the Mackenzie River but nowhere exceeds 145 km ( 90 mi ) .
t: It becomes wider near the delta of the Mackenzie River .
0: It becomes wider near the delta of the Mackeni River but now he was 145 mi ( 90 mi ) .
1: It becomes wider near the delta of the Mackenzie River but now the except .
2: It becomes wider near the delta of the Mackenzie River but nowhere exceds 145 km ( 90 mi ) .
3: It becomes wider near the delta of the Mackenzie River but now have became exceeds 1450 mi .
9:

s: These notability guidelines only outline how suitable a topic is for its own article or list .
t: These notability guidelines are only about the encyclopedic suitability of topics for articles .
0: These notability guidelines only outlines only outlines of the or is for its own article or list .
1: These notability guide in the live to the sold it .
2: These notability guidelines only outlines of the how suitable a topic is for its own article or list .
3: These notability guidelines only outlines of suitable a topic its for its own article or list .
9:

s: In 2001 , Lee sang the song A Love Before Time for the movie Crouching Tiger , Hidden Dragon .
t: CoCo sang the song A Love Before Time for the action-drama movie Crouching Tiger , Hidden Dragon .
0: In 2001 , Lee sang the song ALove Before Tiger Tiger , Hiden Dragon .
1: In 2001 , Leee Army Leee Age Leee Army Leee Army Leee Book The House , Diger , High David .
2: In 2001 , Lee sang the song AL Love Before Time for the movie Crouching Tiger , Hidden Dragon .
3: In 2001 , Lee sang the song AL Love Before Time for the movie Crouching Tiger , Hiddden Dragon .
9:

s: Mount Carmel Cemetery was consecrated in 1901 and is currently 214 acres ( 0.87 km2 ) in size .
t: The cemetery is 214 acres ( 0.87 km2 ) in size .
0: Mount Carmel Cemetery was consecres ( 0.8 and is currently 21 acres ( 0.8 km ) in size .
1: Mount Carmel Cemetery was consecrated in 190 .
2: Mount Carmell Cemetery was consecrated in 1901 and is currently 214 acres ( 0.87 km2 ) in size .
3: Mount Carmel Cemetery was consecrated in 1901 and is currently 2147 acres ( 0.7 km2 ) in size .
9:

s: He also was to become a painter , with the nickname of lo Scheggia meaning `` the splinter . ''
t: Masaccio 's brother was nicknamed Lo Scheggia which means The Splinter , so it is thought that he was a skinny as Masaccio was fat .
0: He also was to become a painter , with the nickname of look .
1: He also was to become a painter , with the nickname of long the San and the `` the player release '' .
2: He also was to become a painter , with the nickname of look Scheggia meaning `` the splinter '' .
3: He also was to become a painter , with the nickname of look Schegia meaning `` the splinter . ''
9:

s: As his career progressed , Coltrane and his music took on an increasingly spiritual dimension .
t: As his career progressed , Coltrane 's music became more spiritual .
0: As his career progressed , Coltrane and his music took on and his music took on and his music took on and his music took on and his music took on and his music took on and his music took on and his music took on and his music took on and importrane .
1: As his career progressed , Coltrane and his music took on and some a series .
2: Coltrane and his career progressed , Coltrane and his music took on an increasingly spiritual dimension .
3: As his career progressed , Coltrane and his music took on and his music took on and his music took on the progression .
9:

s: At the funeral of Hanns Martin Schleyer in October 1977 , Scheel gave a speech entitled shame .
t: At the funeral of the murdered businessman Hanns Martin Schleyer in October 1977 , Scheel gave a speech entitled shame .
0: At the funeral of Hanns Martin Scheelyer in October 1977 , Scheeler in October 1977 .
1: At the funeral of Hanns Martin School October 1977 , 1977 Schell School October 1977 .
2: At the funeral of Hans Martin Schleyer in October 1977 , Scheelyer in October 1977 , Scheelyer in October 1977 , Scheelyer in October 197 , Scheely gave a speech entitled shame .
3: At the funeral of Hanns Martin Schleyer in October 1977 , Scheel gave a speecheel gave a speecheeld shame .
9:

s: With her Atlantic contract fulfilled after a 15-year stint , Amos signed to Epic in late 2001 .
t: The album was the final part of her agreement with Atlantic Records .
0: With her Atlantic contract fulfilled after a 15 year stint , Amost in late 2001 .
1: With her Atlantic contracter in 1920 .
2: With her Atlantic contract fulfililled after a 15-year stint , Amos signed to Epic in late 2001 .
3: With her Atlantic contract fulled after after a 15-year stint , Amoss in later and the 2011 .
9:

s: The sea contains a number of reefs , uninhabited islands and significant hydrocarbon reserves .
t: The sea has a number of reefs , islands where no one lives and significant hydrocarbon reserves .
0: The sea contains and significant hydrocarbon reserves .
1: The sea contains are many of reefs , universited is and season .
2: The sea contains and significant hydrocarbon reserves .
3: The sea contains and significant has a number of reserves .
9:

s: Bipasha Basu ( born 7 January 1979 ) is an Indian actress who appears in Hindi language films .
t: Bipasha Basu ( born 7 January 1979 ) is an Indian movie actress who appears in Hindi language movies .
0: Bipasha Basu ( born 7 January 1979 ) is an Indian Indian actress who appears in Hindian Indian .
1: Bipasha Basu ( born 7 January 1979 ) is an Indian actress who appears in Hindi language .
2: Bipasha Basu ( born 7 January 1979 ) is an Indian actress who appears in Hindian actress who appears in Hindian actress who appears in Hindian actress who appears in Hindian actres .
3: Bipasha Basu ( born 7 January 1979 ) is an Indian actress who appears in Hindian and in Hindian and Indian actress .
9:

s: Each grape is grown from one ovary in one flower , and each grape remains an independent fruit .
t: Each grape is grown from one ovary in one flower , and they are not attached to one another .
0: Each grape is grown from one of the grape remains and each grape remains and each grape .
1: Each grape is grown from one of the first flower , and a profession .
2: Each grape is grown from one ovary in one flower , and each grape remains and each grape remains and each grape remains and each grape remains and each grape remains and each grape remains and each grape rof the the sta .
3: Each grape is grown from one ovary in one flower , and each grape remains and each grape remains and each grape remains and each grape remains and each grape remains and independent from of the season .
9:

s: In 1002 King Æthelred II of England married Emma , the sister of Richard II , Duke of Normandy .
t: William the Duke of Normandy was crowned as King William I of England .
0: In 1002 King the sister of Emmar , Duke of Richard II , the sister of Richard II of Normandy .
1: In 1002 King Emperor III of Indian , and Indian and the Roman II , Dark II , Dankey .
2: In 1002 , King Athelred II , Duke of Normandy .
3: In 1002 King Athelred II of England married Emma , the sister of Richard II , Duke of Normandy .
9: In 1002 King Athelred II of England married Emma , the sister of Richard II , Duke of Normandy .

s: Baghlan ( Pashto / Persian : بغلان Baġlān ) is one of the thirty-four provinces of Afghanistan .
t: Baghlan ( Persian / Pashto : بغلان Baġlān ) is one of the thirty-four provinces of Afghanistan .
0: Baglhan ( Pashtho / Persian :       ) is one of the thirty-four provinces of Afghanistan .
1: Baghlan ( Pashton / Pasian :                                                                                                                                                                                                                               .
2: Baghlan ( Pashto / Persian :                                                                                                                                                                       ) is one of the Afrigh .
3: Baghlan ( Pashto / Persian :           ) is one of the thirty provinces of Afghanistan .
9: Baghlan ( Pashto / Persian : Ba lān ) is one of the thirty-four provinces of Afghanistan .

s: He added that the song gets very deep into your consciousness '' ... because it 's so peaceful .
t: He added that the song gets very deep into your consciousness `` because it 's so peaceful .
0: He added that the song gets very deep into your conscious 's 's song because it 's song .
1: He added that the song gets very deep into your conscious the are second the it .
2: He added that the song gets very deep into your consciousnes '' because it 's so peaceful .
3: He added that the song gets very deep into your conscious into your conscious it 's song .. song .
9:

s: The French government complied with this diktat and removed the Communist coalition government .
t: To get the loan , the French government removed the Communist coalition government .
0: The French government communist coalition government .
1: The French government complied with the moved to make the Common .
2: The French government complied with this diktata and removed the Communist coalition government .
3: The French government coalition government coalition government .
9:

s: On 30 October 2009 , Army weapons officials proposed a series of changes to the M4 to Congress .
t: The M4 is also widely used by police officers .
0: On 30 October 2009 , Army weapons officials proposed a series of changes to Congress .
1: On 30 October 2009 , Army weaponsis first second of the Monta of the Most Constitute of Moress .
2: On 30 October 2009 , Army weapons officials proposed a series of changes to the M4to Congress .
3: On 30 October 2009 , Army weapons of changes to Congress to the M4to Congress .
9:

s: The park is a small circle 2 ft ( 0.61 m ) across , with a total area of 452 sq in ( 0.292 m2 ) .
t: It has a total area of 452 sq in ( 0.292 m2 ) .
0: The park is a small circle 22 m ( 0.6 m ) across , with a total area of 452 sq .
1: The park is a small circle 2 ft ( 10 1 miles ) , and the are at a feature 25 ) .
2: The park is a small circle 2 ft ( 0.61 m ) across , with a total area of 452 sq in ( 0.2929 m2 ) .
3: The park is a small circle 2 ft ( 0.6 m ) across , with a total area of 452 sq in ( 0.292 sq ) .
9:

s: Furthermore , the writers gave Aang a consistent reluctance to fight and an aversion to killing .
t: Aang shows a reluctance to fight and an dislike of killing .
0: Furthermore , the writers gave Aang a consistent reluctance to killing and an aversion to killing .
1: Further , the the writers against and consistent relus and the fight and and the to the started .
2: The writers gaversion to killing .
3: The writers gave Aang aversion to killing .
9:

s: Unlike most Egyptian deities , including her brother , Tefnut has no single ideograph or symbol .
t: Tefnut wears her fathers ' sun disk , a symbol of power .
0: The symbol of Egyptian deities , including her brother , Tefnut has no single ideograph or symbol .
1: The band the Egypt is a composer , the band the book .
2: Tef the Unlike most Egyptian deities , including her brother , Tefnut has no single ideograph or symbol .
3: Tefnut her brother brother brother brother , Tefnut has no single ideograph or symbol .
9:

s: Like Franck 's only symphony , Dukas 's is in three movements rather than the conventional four .
t: Like Franck 's only symphony , Dukas ' is in three movements not the usual four : Allegro non troppo , ma con fuoco ; Andante espressive e fuoco ; Allegro spiritoso .
0: Like Franck 's only symphony , Dukas 's is in the conventional four .
1: Like Franck 's only symphony , Dukas 's is in the end the north of the control .
2: Like Franck 's only symphony , Dukas 's in three movements rather than the conventional four .
3: Like Franck 's only symphony , Dukas 's in the convents rather than the conventional four .
9: Dukas 's is in three movements rather than the conventional four .

s: 1610 ) was an Italian artist active in Rome , Naples , Malta , and Sicily between 1592 ( 1595 ? )
t: He worked in Rome , Naples , Malta and Sicily between 1593 and 1610 .
0: 1610 ) was an Italian artist active in Rome , Naples , and Sicily between 1592 ( 1592 ?
1: It was was an Italian artist active in Rome , Naples , Malta , and Sicily , Marine 1952 ) was a 1952 .
2: 1610 ) was an Italian artist active in Rome , Naples , Malta , and Sicily between 1592 ( 1595 ) .
3: 1610 ) was an Italian artist active in Rome , Naples , Malta , and Sicily between 1595 ; and Sicily between 1595 ; and Sicily between 1595 ) was an an Italian and Sicily between 1595 .
9: 1610 was an Italian artist active in Rome , Naples , Malta , and Sicily between 1592 ( 1595 ? )

s: Lombardi 's hard work paid off , and the Packers improved to a 7-5 regular season record in 1959 .
t: The Packers improved to a 7-5 regular season record in 1959 .
0: Lombardi 's hard work paid of for the Packers improved to a 7-5 regular season record in 1959 .
1: Lombardi 's hard work paid of the Park and a series .
2: Lombardi 's hard work paid of , and the Packers improved to a 7-5 regular season record in 1959 .
3: Lombardi 's hard work paid of , and the Packers improved to a 7-5-5 regular season record in 1959 .
9:

s: However , low frequency also causes noticeable flicker in arc lamps and incandescent light bulbs .
t: This happens so fast that a light bulb does not stop glowing .
0: However , low frequency also causes noticeable flicker in arch and incandescent light bulbs .
1: However , low frequency also causes not ceans and cause of the second because the back .
2: However , low frequency also causes noticeable flicker in architection archit bulbs .
3: The started in a lamps also causes noticeable flicker in archescent light bulbs .
9:

s: Dr Caius bursts in and accuses Falstaff of burgling his house and Bardolfo of picking his pocket .
t: Dr Caius , who is a rich man with servants , complains that Falstaff has beaten his servants and that Falstaff 's two friends Bardolfo and Pistola made him drunk and then stole his money .
0: Dr Caius bursts in and accuses Falstaff of burgling his house and Bardolfo picking his pocket .
1: Dr. Canada is a is a concert of the Baffort of the Basin .
2: DrCaius bursts in and accuses Falstaff of burgling his house and Bardolfo of picking his pocket .
3: Dr Caius bursts in and accuses Falstaf of burgling his house and Bardolfolfolfolfolfoolfolfolfore of picking his pocket .
9:

s: As the ice melts and retreats , the valley is left with very steep sides and a wide , flat floor .
t: The water that makes streams on the top of a plateau cuts down in wide valleys with sides that are steep cliffs and a bottom that is quite flat .
0: As the ice melts and retreats , the valley is left wides and a wides and a wide , floor .
1: As the is a metal the streats , the valley is a streate , and a lot of the season .
2: The ice melts and retreats , the valley is left with very steep sides and a wide , flat floor .
3: As the ice melts and retreats , the valley is left with very steep sides and a wide , flat flat floor .
9:

s: The letter ğ was traditionally rendered as `` gh '' in transliterations of Turkish prior to 1928 .
t: The letter ğ was used to be written as `` gh '' when people translated the Turkish language .
0: The letter   was traditionally rendered as `` ghe '' in transliterations of Turkish prior to 1928 .
1: The letter is a straditionally released as `` ghis '' north literations of Turkish printer of the 1982 .
2: The letter   was traditionally rendered as `` gh '' in transliterations of Turkish prior to 1928 .
3: The letter was traditionally rendered as `` ghas `` ghas transliterations of Turkish prior to 1928 .
9: The letter   was traditionally rendered as `` gh '' in transliterations of Turkish prior to 1928 .

s: Afterward , Finlay intimidated Cole , warning him to refer to Little Bastard as `` Hornswoggle . ''
t: Afterwards , Finlay told Cole that Little Bastard 's name is Hornswoggle .
0: Afterward , Finlay intimidated Cole , warning him to refer to Little Bastard as `` Hornswoggle '' .
1: Afterward , Finlay intimitted to the London British and Harris a to the Lord British Harrist .
2: Finlay intimidated Cole , warning him to referward , Finlay intimidated Cole , warning him to refer to Little Bastard as `` Hornswogle '' .
3: Afterward , Finlay intimidated Cole , warning him to refer to Little Bastard astard astard astard astard as `` Hornswogle '' .
9: Afterward , Finlay intimidated Cole , warning him to refer to Little Bastard as `` Hornswogle '' .

s: He was so determined that he went against Choi-Yuk and her family , even his best friend , MK Sun .
t: He was so determined that he went against Choi Yuk and her family , and even MK .
0: He was so determined that he went against Choi-Yuk and her family , even his best friend , MSun .
1: He was song the many that the Championship , and the Yank .
2: He was soo determined that he went against Choi-Yuk and her family , even his best friend , MKS Sun .
3: He was soon determined that her family , MKS KSun and her family , even his best friend , MKS KSun .
9:

s: In 2000 , Bradman was selected by cricket experts as one of five Wisden Cricketers of the Century .
t: Most cricket experts think he was the best batsman of all time .
0: In 2000 , Bradman was selected by cricketers one of the Century .
1: In 2000 , Bradman was selected by cricket experts as one of Wikipedia .
2: In 2000 , Bradman was selected by cricketers of the Century .
3: In 2000 , Bradman was selected by cricketed by Cricketers as one of the Cricketers of the Century .
9:

s: In Kolkata , yellow colored Ambassador are used as taxis bearing a ` Taxi ' name plate on the top .
t: Taxis are usually used in larger cities .
0: In Kolkata , yellow colored Ambassadored as the top .
1: In Kolkata , yellow color a and season are also as taxist and a game Taxis and the popular .
2: In Kolkata , yellow colored Ambassador are used as taxis bearing a `` Taxis bearing a `` Taxis bearing a `` Taxis bearing a `` Taxis bearing a `` Taxis bearing a `` Taxis bearing a `` Taxis bearing a ``` Taxis ''''' .
3: In Kolkata , yellow colored Ambassador are used as taxi name plate on the top .
9:

s: Because it has no C-H bonds , carbon tetrachloride does not easily undergo free-radical reactions .
t: Carbon tetrachloride is very poisonous to the liver , the kidneys and the nervous system ; it might also cause cancer .
0: Because it has not easily undergo free-radical reactions .
1: Because it has not Conservation , but the changed to the conside to the concered and also actions .
2: Because it has not easily undergo free-radical reactions .
3: Because it has not easily undergon tetrachloride does not easily undergo free-reactions .
9:

s: Eritrea is the Italian form of the Greek name Ἐρυθραία ( Erythraía ) , meaning `` red ( land ) '' .
t: Many different countries have ruled the land that is now called Eritrea .
0: Eritrea is the Italian form of the Greek name .
1: Eritrea is the Italian for the the Greek , and the state of the Earth .
2: Eritrea is the Italian form of the Greek name     , meaning `` red ( land ) .
3: Eritrea is the Italian form of the Greek name is the Italian form of the Italian form of the Italian form of the Greek name .
9: Eritrea is the Italian form of the Greek name                                                                                                                                                             , ( land ) is the ( ) is ther .

s: The spines , which may be up to 50 mm ( 2 in ) long , are modified hairs , mostly made of keratin .
t: The spines , which may be up to 50 mm long , are modified hairs , mostly made of keratin .
0: The spines , which may be up to 50 mm ( 20 mm ) long , are modified hairs , mostly made of keratin .
1: The spines , which may be up to 50 miles ( 200 miles ) , and a family .
2: The spines , which may been up to 50 mm ( 2 in ) long , are modified hairs , mostly made of keratin .
3: The spines , which may be up to 50 m mm ( 2 in ) long , are modified hairs , mostly made of keratin .
9:

s: The character proved popular , and Nabors was given his own spin-off show , Gomer Pyle , U.S.M.C. .
t: He is best known for his role as Gomer Pyle on the TV programs The Andy Griffith Show and Gomer Pyle , U.S.M.C. Nabors was the host of two programs .
0: The character proved popular , and Nabors was given his own spin-off show , Gomer Pyle , U.S.C.M.C. .
1: The character proved popular , and Nabors was given his own spin-of the University of the University of the University of the United States .
2: The character proved popular , and Nabors was given his own spin-off show , Gomer Pyle , U.S.MC .
3: The character proved popular , and Nabors was given his own spin-off show , Gomer Pyle , U.S. .
9:

s: Howe 's head was cut off to take to Hobart , while his body `` was left to bleach in the woods '' .
t: As soon as Whitehead was shot , his head was cut off by Howe and hidden in the bush .
0: Howe 's head was cut of to take to Hobart , while his body `` was left to bleach in the woods '' .
1: However head was cut of the take to Hobart , while his body `` was been to be the to the words . ''
2: Howe 's head was cut of to take to Hobart , while his body `` was left to bleach in the woods '' .
3: Howe 's head was cut of the world `` while his body `` was left to bleach in the woods '' .
9:

s: Between 2000-2009 , strong evidence for stellar mass black hole was discovered in an M 49 cluster .
t: Between 2000-2009 , strong evidence for a stellar mass black hole was discovered in an M 49 cluster .
0: Between 2000 , strong evidence for stellar mass black hole was discovered in an M4 49 cluster .
1: Between 2000 , the 2009 , the sence for stellar mass became a lot a served in March 1999 .
2: Between 2000-2009 , strong evidence for stellar mass black hole was discovered in an M49 cluster .
3: Between 2009 , strong evidence for stellar mass bluster .
9:

s: As a result , the Twofish algorithm is free for anyone to use without any restrictions whatsoever .
t: Twofish algorithm is free for anyone to use without any restrictions whatsoever .
0: As a result , the Twofish algorithm is free for anyone to use without any restrictions what the Twofish algorithm is free for anyone to use without anyone to use with the Twofish algorit .
1: As a result , the Two was algorithm is from for anyone to use with the started to the state .
2: The Twofish algorithm is free for anyone to use without anyone to use without anyone to use without anyone to use without anyone to use without anyone to use without anyone to use without anyone to use without aner .
3: The Twofish algorithm is free for anyone to use without anyone to use without anyone the Twofish anyone the Twofish algorithm .
9: The Twofish algorithm is free for anyone to use without any restrictions whatsoever .

s: Madison Square meets at the intersection of Fifth Avenue and Broadway at 23rd Street in Manhattan .
t: It is at 4 Penn Plaza , close to the intersection of 8th Avenue & 33rd Street in Manhattan , New York City .
0: Madison Square meets at the interesction of Fifth Avenue and Broadway at 23rd Streets at 23rd Streets at 23rd Streets at 23rd Streets at 23rd Streets at 23rd Streets at 23rets at 23rd .
1: Madison Square meets at the inters of the Fort African and Bartist and Bartra and Bartist and the Madison .
2: Madison Square meets at the intersection of Fifth Avenue and Broadway at 23rd Street in Manhatan .
3: Madison Square meets at the intersection of Fifth Avenue and Broadway at 23 reetire .
9:

s: The best-rated DDR2 memory modules are at least twice as fast as the best-rated DDR memory modules .
t: In information technologies we use the term DDR2 SDRAM for a Double Data Rate memory module of the second generation .
0: The best-rated DDR2 memory modules are as the best-rated DRms memory modules .
1: The best-rated Democrated to the Democrated Democration .
2: The best-rated DDDR2 memory modules are at least twice ast the best-rated DRD2 memory modules .
3: The best-rated DR memory memory modules at the best-rated DR memory modules .
9: The best-rated DDR2 memory modules are at least twice as fast as the best-rated DDR2 memory modules .

s: The adaptation covers eight of the 24 tales and contains abundant nudity , sex and slapstick humor .
t: It has much nudity , sex , and slapstick humor .
0: The adaptation covers example and slaptation contains and slapstick humor .
1: The adaptation coversity of of the 24 to 2 sexual and a sexual and a style sexual distant of the season .
2: The adaptation covers eight of the 24th contains abundant nudity , sex and slapstick humor .
3: The adaptation covers eight of the 24th 24 tales and contains abundant nudity , slapstick humor .
9:

s: One month later it acquired OpusForum.org , another website offering online classifieds in Germany .
t: One month later , it acquired OpusForum.org , another website offering online classifieds in Germany .
0: One month later it acquired Opus Forumorg , another website offering online classified Opus .
1: One months ater it acquired in the Ormore , and the Original .
2: One month later it acquired OpusForumorg , another website offering online classified in Germany .
3: One month later it acquired Opus Fermany .
9:

s: Flightless birds are the easiest to take care of in captivity because they do not have to be caged .
t: Flightless birds are easy to take care of in captivity because they do not have to be caged .
0: Flightless birds are the easiest to take care of in care of in career they do not a because the east of in care of in career the east to because the east to because they do not a started .
1: Flight the birds are the easies the take career the captivity because they do not the birds .
2: Flightles birds are the easiest to take caree of in captivity because they do not have to be caged .
3: Flightless birds are the easiest to take care care of in captivity because they do not have to be caged .
9:

s: Denim is the color of denim cloth , which after being dyed with indigo dye , is used to make jeans .
t: Indigo dye also is used to dye denim cloth , which is used to make what are called blue jeans ( they should really be called indigo jeans ) .
0: Denim is the color of denim cloth , which after being dyed with indigo dyed , is used to make jeans .
1: Denimate the color of denity , the work , and the because .
2: The color of deniming dyed with indigo dye , is used to make jeans .
3: Denim is the color of denim cloth , which after being dyeans .
9:

s: The older brother of Barthel Beham by two years , he was born into a family of artists in Nuremberg .
t: Beham was born in Nuremberg in 1500 into a family of artists .
0: The older brother of artists in Nuremberg .
1: The older brother of Barther Behaman Berlin Barther Beast Berlin Barther Berlin .
2: The older brother of Barthell Beham by two years , he was born into a family of artists in Nuremberg .
3: The older brother of Barthel Beham born into a family of artists into a family of artists in Nuremberg .
9:

s: In April 1865 , Joe sent a petition to the Chief Justice , and received four years off his sentence .
t: In April 1865 , he wrote a letter to the Chief Justice .
0: In April 1865 , Joe sentence , Joe sentence , Justice , and received four years of his sentence .
1: In April 1865 , Joe sent and John Championship Janus Charles Joe Chance .
2: Joe sentence , Joe sent a petition to the Chief Justice , and received four years of his sentence .
3: In April 1865 , Joe sention to the Chief Justice , and received four years of his sentence .
9:

s: It is manufactured by Corner Shot Holdings , LLC , a company based in Miami with an office in Israel .
t: It is manufactured by Corner Shot Holdings , LLC , a company in Miami with offices in Israel .
0: It is manufactured by Corner Shot Holdings , LC , LC , a company based in Miami with an office in Israel .
1: It is manufactured by Corner Shot Holdings , LC , Land , Land , Land , Lamin , Lamin , Lamin , Lame , Lamin , Lamin , Lamin , Lamin , Lamin , Lamin , and the Corner .
2: It is manufactured by Corner Shot Holdings , LCLC , a company based in Miami with an office in Israel .
3: It is manufactured by Corner Shot Holdings , LC , a company based in Miami with an office in Israel .
9:

s: However , renovation has started , as other construction projects around the area are being executed .
t: Today , some Lebanese Jews are trying to repair the synagogue , so that they can use it again .
0: However , renovation has started , as other construction projects are being execution projects are being executed .
1: However , renovation has started , as other construction projects are are are are are being extracter .
2: However , renovation has started , as other construction projects around the area being executed .
3: However , renovation has started , as other construction projects around the area area area area area area area area area area area area area area area area .
9:

s: Later he wrote : `` Adolf Hitler , I love you because you are both great and simple at the same time .
t: He was a close friend of Adolf Hitler .
0: Later he wrote : `` Adolf Hitler , I love you are both great and simple at the same time time time .
1: Later he wrote : `` Adolf Hitler , Indian you because you are both great and simple at the same material .
2: Later he wrote : `` Adolf Hitler , Ilove you because you are both great and simple at the same time .
3: Later he wrote : `` Adolf Hitler , Ilove you because you are both great and simple at the same time .
9:

s: The name ` trunk piston ' derives from the ` trunk engine ' , an early design of marine steam engine .
t: A steam engine is another type of piston engine .
0: The name `` trunk piston '' derives from the `` trunk engine '' , and estarted seen steam engine .
1: The name `` the see '' is derives from the `` sunk '' in '' , and are a long and marine started .
2: The name `` trunk piston '' derives from the `` trunk engine '' , an early designe .
3: The name `` trunk piston '' derives from the `` trunk engine '' , and early designe steam engine .
9:

s: The building has been heritage-listed by both the National Trust and the Australian Heritage Council .
t: The building has been heritage-listed by both the National Trust and the Australian Heritage Commission .
0: The building has been heritage listed by the National Trustralian Heritage Council .
1: The building has been her tage of the by the National Australia Hander Countries .
2: The building has been heritage-listed by both the National Trustralian Heritage-listed by the National Trustralian Heritage-listed by the National Trustralian Heritage-listed by the National Trustralian Heritage .
3: The building has been heritage-listed by both the National Trustralian Heritage Council .
9:

s: The diet of the Angola colobus consists of about two thirds of leafs and one third of fruit and seeds .
t: They eat leaves , fruit , and seeds .
0: The diet of the Angola colobus consists of about two thirds of leafs and one thirds of fruit and seeds .
1: The dietent the Angola color beconsists of a sold work of the first for the first for the first second .
2: The diet of the Angola colobus consists of about two thirds of leafs and one thirds of fruit and seeds .
3: The diet of the Angola colobus consists of about thirds of leafs and one third of leafs and seeds .
9:

s: In the interbellum , Suwałki became an autonomous town within the Białystok Voivodeship ( 1919-1939 ) .
t: Suwałki is a city in northern Poland in Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship .
0: In the interbellum , Suwa and within the Biaystok Voivodeship ( 1919-1919-1919-1919 ) .
1: In the interbellum , Suwarki became and the Bombia .
2: In the interbellum , Suwazkii became an autonomous town within the Biazystok Voivodeship ( 1991-1993 ) .
3: In the interbellum , Suwaki became an autonomous town within the Bial Voivodeship ( 1939-1939 ) .
9:

s: On 23 December 1851 , he married Harriet Bradley , the sister of his old school friend George Bradley .
t: He married the daughter of a clergyman .
0: He was a school december 1851 , 1851 , and the sister of his oldey .
1: On 23 December 1851 , he married Harriety British first single of God Berlin .
2: On 23 December 1851 , he married Harriett Bradley , the sister of his old school friend George Bradley .
3: On 23 December 1851 , he marriet Bradley , the sister of hister of hister of hister of ried George Bradley .
9:

s: When the electrons come with half the period , they interfere destructively , the undulator stays dark .
t: When the electrons come with half the period , they interfere destructively .
0: When the electrons come with half the period , they interference half the undulator stays dark .
1: When the electrons come with has the first to the starter .
2: When the electrons come with half the period , they interferee destructively , the undulator stays dark .
3: When the electrons come with half the period , they interfere destructively , they undulator stays dark .
9:

s: He suggested a concrete dam could flood the plateau , just as nature blocked it with ice centuries ago .
t: As a consequence of the dam 's construction , the reservoir flooded large tracts of Native American lands .
0: He suggested a concreted amching the plateau , just as nature blocked it with ice centuries ago .
1: He suggested a concreted a major a look the plated to just as nature become the with it was control .
2: He suggested a concreteed dam could flood the plateau , just as nature blocked it with icenturies ago .
3: He suggested a concreted a could flood the plateau , just as nature blocked it with ice centuries ago .
9:

s: Fields that slope towards the sunlight are optimal ( i.e. , south-sloping in the Northern Hemisphere ) .
t: Planting is best done in fields that slope towards the sunlight ( i.e. south-sloping in the Northern Hemisphere ) , giving the crocuses ' more sunlight .
0: Fields that slope towards the sunlight are optimal ( in the Northern Hemisphere ) .
1: Fields that slope towards the sunlight are optimate , is a produce .
2: Fields that slope towards the sunlight are optimal ( in the Northern Hemisphere ) .
3: Fields that slope towards that started south-sloping in the Northern Hemisphere .
9:

s: Galileo dismissed the idea , held by his contemporary Johannes Kepler , that the moon caused the tides .
t: Galileo 's findings were ignored by most people , and Aristotle 's view was still accepted as correct until Isaac Newton proved Galileo was right .
0: He was a second the idea , held by his contemporary Johannes Kepler , that the moon caused the tides .
1: Galileon is a series the King John Kenness , and the King John Kepler , the King , and the series .
2: Galileo dismissed the idea , held by his contemporary Johannnes Kepler , that the moon caused the tides .
3: Galileo dismissed the idea , held by his contemporary Johannes Kepler , the moon caused the tides .
9:

s: He became an apothecary himself , and in 1839 , at the age of 20 , wrote his first work ( Heinrichs IV .
t: In 1839 , at the age of 20 , wrote his first work ( Heinrichs IV .
0: He became a poothecary his first work ( Heinrich IV ) , at the age of 20 , wrote his first work ( Heinrich IV ) .
1: He became and his first himself , and in 1839 , at the age of 2008 when the series work ( Heing Victor ) .
2: He became an apothecary himself , and in 1839 , at the age of 20 , wrote his first work ( Heinrichs IV ) .
3: He became an apothecary himself , and in 1839 , at the age of 20 , wrote his first work ( Heinrichs IV ) .
9:

s: Sisters Alexia and Anissa Rodriguez , along with former vocalist Lindsey Vogt started the band in 2003 .
t: Sisters Alexia and Anissa Rodriguez started the band with Lindsey Vogt in 2003 .
0: Sisters Alexia and Anissa Rodriguez , along with former vocalisters Anisters Anisters .
1: Sisters Alexia and Anissa Rodrigue and the Viethod the Vienna London Vietna London Viether and the Virginal London Vienna .
2: Sisters Alexia and Anisa Rodriguez , along with former vocalist Lindsey Vogt started the band in 2003 .
3: Sisters Alexia and Anisa Rodriguez , along with former vocalist Lindsey Vogt started the band in 2003 .
9:

s: Covering 115 acres ( 46.5 ha ) of hilly , wooded land , Augustana is adjacent to the Mississippi River .
t: Its campus is on 115 acres ( 46.5 ha ) of hilly , wooded land , adjacent to the Mississippi River .
0: Covering 1155 acres ( 46.5 acres ) of hilly , wooded land , Augustana is adjacent to the Mississississippi River .
1: Covering 15 ( 15 ) ( 46 5 has ) is a and Alantic land Australian and adjace to the Ministers piano .
2: Covering 115 acres ( 46.5 ha ) of hilly , wooded land , Augustana is adjacent to the Missippi River .
3: Covering 15 acres ( 4.6 has of hilly , wooded land , Augustana is adjacent to the Mississippi River .
9:

s: In the `` Breakfast with Muse Concert '' KROQ-FM held , Muse was asked , how long they would be on tour .
t: In the `` Breakfast with Muse Concert '' held by KROQ , Muse was asked how long they would be on tour .
0: In the `` Breakfast with Muse Concert '' KRO-FMQ-Muse Concert ' KRO-Muse Concert .
1: In the `` Break '' March Museum , March '' March March , March , which was were the Museum , which tour .
2: In the `` Breakfast with Muse Concert '' KRO Mheld , Muse was a sked , how long they would be on tour .
3: In the `` Breakfast with Muse Concert '' KRO-FM held , Muse was asked , how long tour .
9:

s: Later the profession developed into public servants , journalists , accountants , typists , and lawyers .
t: Later , it changed into being clerks : public servants , journalists , accountants and lawyers .
0: Later the profession developed into public servants , accountants , accountants , accountants , and lawyers .
1: Later the profession developed into public servants , journalists , and some the style , so and some and some the state .
2: The profession developed into public servants , journalists , accountants , and lawyers .
3: The profession developed into public servants , journalists , accountants , and lawyers .
9:

s: Susceptible animals include cattle , water buffalo , sheep , goats , pigs , antelope , deer , and bison .
t: Foot-and-mouth disease virus causes the disease which can infect domestic animals such as cattle , pigs , sheep , goats and deer .
0: Susceptible animals include cattle , water buffalo , sheep , goats , and bison .
1: Susceptible animals include cattle , water building , and people , and a species , and a species , and a species , and species , and a species .
2: Susceptible animals include cattle , water buffalo , sheep , goats , pigs , pigs , pigs , pigs , and bison .
3: Susceptible animals include cater buffalo , she goats , goats , pigs , and bigs , and bigson .
9:

s: The elder Antony 's death left Antony and his brothers , Lucius and Gaius , in the care of their mother .
t: He became a general and politician .
0: The elder Antony 's death left Antony and his brothers , Lucius , in the career of the career of the career .
1: The elder Antony 's death left Antony and his brothers , Lucius and Gaius , in the career .
2: The elder Antony 's death left Antony and his brothers , Lucius and Gaius , in their mothers , Lucius and Gaius , in the care of their mothers , Lucius and Gaius .
3: The elder Antony 's death left Antony and his brothers , Lucius and Gaius and Gaius and Gaius and his brother .
9:

s: By contrast , the Cooley Doctrine expressed the theory of an inherent right to local self-determination .
t: As opposed to the Dillon Rule , the Cooley Doctrine expressed the theory of an inherent right to local self determination .
0: By contrast , the Cooley Doctrine expressed theory of an in in his self-determination .
1: By contrast , the Cooley Doctor Coolent seen the second the new to the series .
2: By contrast , the Cooley Doctrine expresed theory of an inherent right to local self-determination .
3: The Contrast , the Cooley Doctrine expressed the theory of an inherent right to local self-determination .
9:

s: Try to avoid directly linking to any content that requires special software , or an add-on to a browser .
t: Try to avoid directly linking to any content that needs special software , or an add-on to a browser .
0: Try to avoid directly linking to any content to any content to any content of the special software .
1: Try to a control color in the to any content that requires special sometimes .
2: Try to avoid directly linking to any content to a browser .
3: Try to avoid directly linking to any content to any contently linking to any and on to any any any any add - - .
9:

s: The team used Minardi 's contracted supply of rev limited and air restricted Cosworth 3.0 l V10 engines .
t: Toro Rosso was allowed to used Minardi 's supply of power limited Cosworth 3 liter V10 engines .
0: The team used Minardi 's contracted supply of restricted and air restricted Cosworth 300 l V10 engines .
1: The team used Minarding the Color Victor Victore Villed Version 1030 .
2: The team used Minardi 's contracted supply of revel limited and air restricted Cosworth 30 l V10 engines .
3: The team used Minardi 's contracted supply of revines .
9:

s: The Asaf Jahi rulers were great patrons of literature , art , architecture , and culture , and rich food .
t: The Asaf Jahi rulers used money to support much literature , art , architecture , culture , jewelry and rich food .
0: The Asaf Jahi rulers were great patrons of literature , architecture , and rich food .
1: The Asafront Japan Arabic greated tropical , and the started , and the countries , and country , and countries .
2: The Asaff Jahi rulers were greature , art , art , art , art , architecture , and culture , and rich food .
3: The Asaf Jahitecture greature , and culture , art , art , art , and culture , and culture , and rich food .
9: The Asaf Jahi rulers were great patrons of literature , art , architecture , and culture , and culture , and rich food .

s: Saffron 's taste and iodoform - or hay-like fragrance result from the chemicals picrocrocin and safranal .
t: This smell is caused by the chemicals picrocrocin and safranal .
0: Saffrance result from the chemical .
1: Saffron 's taster and code of the composer of the complete of the control .
2: Saffron 's taste and iodoform or hay-like fragrance result from the chemicals picrocin and safranal .
3: Saffron 's taste and iodoform - taste and saffrance result from the chemicals picrocrocrocrocrocrocrocrocrocrocrocrocrocrocrocrocrocrocrocrocrocrocrocrocrocrocrocrocrocrocrocrocrocrocrocrocrocrocrocrocrocrocrocrocrocrocr .
9:

s: the music of his childhood synagogue would be one of the early influences of his fresh musical aesthetic .
t: It is one of his most popular works .
0: The music of his childhood synagogue would be one of his fress of his fress of his fress musical aest .
1: The music of his childhood synage of would be one of the early influences of his from has the constructure .
2: The music of his childhood synagogue would be one of the early influences of his fresh musical aesthetic .
3: The music of his childhood synagogue would be one of the early influences of his freshetic .
9: The music of his childhood synagogue would be one of the early influences of his fresh musical aesthetic .

s: This is the first time a major weekly WWE show airs internationally before it hits screens in the U.S.A. .
t: This is the first time a major weekly WWE show airs internationally before it hits screens in the U.S. .
0: This is the first time a major weekly WWE show airs internationally before its screens in the U.S. WEs. .
1: This is the first time a major weekly War show and War , which all are of the United States Anther United States .
2: This is the first time a major weekly WWE show airs internationally before it hits screens in the USA .
3: This is the first time a major weekly WE show airst the U.S. screens internationally before its screens in the U.S. .
9:

s: Sir Gavin Rylands de Beer FRS ( 1 November 1899 - 21 June 1972 ) was a British evolutionary embryologist .
t: Sir Gavin Rylands de Beer FRS ( 1899-1972 ) was a British evolutionary embryologist .
0: Sir Gavin Rylands de Beer FRS ( 11 June 1899 - 21 June 1979 ) was a British he volutionary embryologist .
1: Sir Gavin Rylands de Beer FRS ( 1928 July 1989 - 1928 ) was a Berlin a British and the Bery .
2: Sir Gavin Rylands de Beer FRS ( 11 November 1899 - 21 June 1972 ) was a British evolutionary embryologist .
3: Sir Gavin Rylands de Beer FRS ( 1899 - 21 June 1899 - 21 June 1972 ) was a British evologist .
9:

s: Heavy rain from typhoons often dislodge soil and rocks onto the highway making sections of it impassable .
t: Heavy rain from typhoons often push soil and rocks onto the highway so people can drive through parts of it .
0: Heavy rain from typhoons of it is a soilogy soil and rocks on the highway making sections of it impassable .
1: Heavy rain from the song of the single of the story and story .
2: Heavy rain from typhoons of its often dislodge soil and rocks onto the highway making sections of it impassable .
3: Heavy rain from typhoons of it islode soil and rocks on the highway making sections of it is sections of it is impasable .
9:

s: The next largest organization is the International Hot Rod Association ( IHRA ) as an alternative to NHRA .
t: The next largest organization , Feld Entertainment 's International Hot Rod Association ( IHRA ) , is about one-third the size of NHRA .
0: The next largest organization is the International Hot Rod Association ( IRA ) and Association ( IRARA ) and the International Hot Rod Association ( IRA ) and the International Hot NHRA ) and Associational Hot NHRA .
1: The next largest organization is the International Hot Roday sociation ( HRA ) and and the Roman Hot ARHA ) .
2: The next largest organization is the Internative to NHRA .
3: The next largest organization is the International Hot Rod Association ( IRA ) alternation ( International HRA ) alternation ( International Hot Rod Association ( IRA ) and alternation ( IRA ) and alternation ( IRA .
9:

s: If , however , instead of a pronoun , we use a noun , we make no such distinction in the form of the word .
t: If we use a noun , there is no difference in English .
0: If , however , instead of a pronoun , we use a noun , we make noun , we make noun , we of the word .
1: If , however , instead of a profession , used anounce were the or the disting the first of the for the for the for the for the for the for the for the for the for the for the for the for the for the for the for the for the for the for the for the .
2: If , however , instead of a pronoun , week noun , we make noun , we make noun , we use a noun , we use a noun , we use a noun , we used to the word .
3: If however , instead of a pronoun , were use a noun , were make noun , which distinction in the word .
9:

s: aimed to correct misinterpretations regarding the understanding and use of aptitude and personality tests .
t: She talks about the main problem of intelligence test lies in the ability of communication and understanding that everyone is different and take test differently .
0: aimed to correct misinterpress regarding and use of a personality tests .
1: The story is a comision is a person the started and design the state .
2: The understanding the understanding the understanding the understanding and use of aptitude and personality tests .
3: The underpretations regarding the understanding the understanding and use of aptitude and personality tests .
9:

s: Foremost among these was the Jacobin Club ; 152 members had affiliated with the Jacobins by 10 August 1790 .
t: The most famous of these was the Jacobin Club , which had left-wing ideas .
0: Foremost among these was the Jacobins by 1520 members had affiliated with the Jacobins by 1090 .
1: Foremost album the Japan the Jacobin Club ; 15 - Jacobin Japan in 1970 .
2: Foremost among these was the Jacobins by Club .
3: Foremost among the Jacobins by 15 August 152 members had affiliated with the Jacobins by 10 August 1790 .
9: Foremost among these was the Jacobin Club .

s: Apart from his popularity as an accomplished musician , he is well liked for his modesty and kind demeanor .
t: Apart from his popularity as a musician , he is well liked for his modesty and kind demeanor .
0: He was a small liked for his modesty and kind demeanor .
1: Apart from his popularity as and many people musician complete .
2: He is a popularity as a complished musician , he is well liked for his modesty and kind demeanor .
3: Apart from his popularity as a codesty and kind demeanor his well liked for his modesty and kind demeanor .
9:

s: Xhosa , the predominant language in the Eastern Cape , is often considered mutually intelligible with Zulu .
t: Xhosa language is the most common language spoken in the Eastern Cape of South Africa .
0: The Eastern Cape , is often considered mutual .
1: The East California , the English Canada , the East , and a sent of the season .
2: Thosa , the predominant language in the Eastern Cape , is often considered mutually intelligible with Zulu .
3: The Eastern Cape intelligible with Zulu .
9: The predominant language in the Eastern Cape , is often considered mutually intelligible with Zulu .

s: In addition , Khrunichev has offered to build a version capable of launching manned spacecraft : Angara 5P .
t: However , Khrunichev has also suggested building a version that could launch humans into space : Angara 5P .
0: In addition , Khrunichev has offered to building manned space .
1: In addition , Khruniched has of the first in the control of the to the children the space of the Angara .
2: Khrunichev has ofered to build a version capable of launching manned spacecraft : Angaraft : Angara 5P .
3: In addition , Khrunichev has offered to build a version capable of launching manned spacecraft : Angaraft : Angara 5 P. .
9:

s: Boot bolo 's , boot bracelets , boot straps , boot chains , and boot harnesses , are used to decorate boots .
t: The word `` boot '' is also used to describe how a computer starts up when a person presses the `` on '' button .
0: Bootts boots , boots , boots , boots , boots , boots , boots , and boots , are used to decorate boots .
1: Booth book be bobots the body , booth , and , booth , both , book other book .
2: Boots boots , boots , boots , boots straps , boots , boots , boots .
3: Boot bracelets , boot bracelets , boots straps , boots , and boots , and boots , and boots .
9:

s: A phallus is a penis , especially when erect , a penis-shaped object , or a mimetic image of an erect penis .
t: The word phallus refers to an erect penis , to a penis-shaped object such as a dildo , or to a mimetic image of an erect penis .
0: A phallus is a penis , especially when reect , a penis-shaped object , or a mimetic immetic immetic immetic immetic immetic immetic immetical penis .
1: A phallus is a penist and propely when the people , and the people , and the people in the people .
2: A phallus is a penis , especially when erect , a penis-shaped object , or a mimage of an erect penis-shaped object , or a mimage of an erect penis-shaped object .
3: A phallus is a penis , especially when erect , a penis , or a mimetic important penis .
9:

s: Facing the Conference Row buildings is DPRK 's Panmungak ( English : Panmun Hall ) and ROK 's Freedom House .
t: Facing the UN buildings is DPRK 's Panmungak ( English : Panmun Hall ) and ROK 's Freedom House .
0: Facing the Conference Row buildings is Panmunung House .
1: Facing the Conference Row buildings is DPR KP Park Ring ( Park ) has Panda ) , and and Republished the House .
2: Facing the Conference Row buildings is DPRK 's Panmungak ( English : Panmungak ( English : Panmungak ( English : Panmungak ) , Panmungak ( English : Panmungak ( English : Panmungak ( English : Panmungak ) .
3: Facing the Conference Row buildings is DPanmungak ( English : Panmun Hall ) and ROK 's Freedom House .
9:

s: He moved to the Austrian Hockey League for Klagenfurt AC for the 2006-07 season before retiring from hockey .
t: Afterwards he headed to the Austrian Hockey League for Klagenfurt AC for the 2006-07 season before retiring from hockey .
0: He moved to the Austrian Hockey League for Klagenfurt Austrian Hockey League for Klagenfurt Austrian Hockey .
1: He moved to the Austrian Hockey League for Klage furth African Hockey of the first of the first from host of the first for the first for the first for the first for the first for the first for the first for the first for the first .
2: He moved to the Austrian Hockey League for Klagenfurt AC for the 2006-007 season before retiring from hockey .
3: He moved to the Austrian Hockey League for Klagenfurt AC for the 2006 season before retiring from hockey .
9:

s: Blue Jays can also copy the cries of local hawks so well that it is sometimes difficult to tell which it is .
t: Blue jays can also copy the callings of local hawks so well that it is sometimes difficult to tell which it is .
0: Blue Jays can also copy the cries of local has well that is sometimes difficult to tell that is sometimes difficult to the cries .
1: Blue Jays can also copy the criticial composer state of the state of the state of the to the life .
2: Blue Jays can also copy the cries of local hawks sometimes difficult to tell which it is sometimes difficult to tell which it is .
3: Blue Jays can also copy the cries of local has sometimes difficult to the cries difficult to tell which it is .
9:

s: The Captain officially ordered the crew to lower the boats and at 08:35 , he gave the order to abandon ship .
t: The captain of the U-73 said this was not true , he had only been laying the naval mines .
0: The Captain officially ordered the crew to lower to lower to about 88:35 , he gave to abandon ship .
1: The Captain officially ordered the crew to lower the boats and at the 50 , and a series .
2: The Captain officially ordered the crew to lower the boats and at 08:35 , he gave the ordered to abandon ship .
3: The Captain officially ordered to lower the Captain of the boats and at 08 : he gave to abandon ship .
9:

s: In it the author , a leading gestalt psychologist , showed that chimpanzees could solve problems by insight .
t: In it the author , a leading gestalt psychologist , showed that chimpanzees could solve problems by insight ( intelligence ) .
0: In it the author , a leading gestalt psychologist , solve problems by insigt .
1: In it the author , a leading general prochologists , the state the spanze .
2: In it the author , a leading gestalt psychologist , showed that chimpanzes could solve problems by insight .
3: In it the author , a leading gestalt psychologist , showed that chimpanzees could solvems by insight .
9:

s: In females , an acute rise of LH ( `` LH surge '' ) triggers ovulation and development of the corpus luteum .
t: In females , an LH surge triggers ovulation and development of the corpus luteum ( a temporary endocrine structure in female mammals that promotes relatively high levels of progesterone ) .
0: In females , an acuteum , LHH ( LHH surge 's triggers over of the corpus luteum ) trigers over .
1: In females , and the Lires Hall ( Heritage ) , and the group of the produced to the produced to the support .
2: In females , an acute rise of LH surge 's surge 's ovulation and development of the corpus luteum .
3: In females , an acute rise of LHs , `` LHsurge '' trigers ovulation and development of the corpus luteum .
9: In females , an acute rise of LH ( `` LH '' ) triggers ovulation and development of the corpus luteum .

s: The October blizzard brought snowfalls so deep that two-story homes had snow up to the second floor windows .
t: The word blizzard is sometimes used incorrectly by news media to talk about big winter storms , even if the storm is not a blizzard .
0: The October blizzard brought snowfalls snowfalls .
1: The October blizzard brought songs .
2: The October blizard brought snowfalls soo deppendent that two-story homes had snows .
3: The October blizzard brought snowfalls so deep that two-story homes had snows .
9:

s: The first naturalists who investigated Megalosaurus mistook it for a gigantic lizard of twenty metres length .
t: The first naturalists who investigated Megalosaurus , mistook it for a gigantic lizard of twenty metres length .
0: The first naturalists who investigated Megalosaurus mistook it for a giantic lizard of twenty metres length .
1: The first naturalists who investigated Megalosaurus mistory it for a gigh the live the first to the started .
2: The first naturalists who investigated Megalosaurus mistok it for a gigantic lizard of twenty metres length .
3: The first naturalists who investigated Megalosaurus mistook it for a gigantic lizard of twenty metresty length .
9:

s: Hepatitis C is an infectious disease affecting primarily the liver , caused by the hepatitis C virus ( HCV ) .
t: The hepatitis C virus ( HCV ) causes this disease .
0: Hepatitis Ci is an infectious disease affectious disease affection .
1: He was a serist can became the Chase Champions Chamarily Chess ( Championship ) .
2: Hepatitis Cissease affectious disease affecting primarily the liver , caused by the hepatitis Cvirus ( HCV ) .
3: Hepatitis Cis an infection disease affecting primarily the liver , caused by the hepatition infection .
9:

s: During this time , he played three games in the National Hockey League in 1952-53 for the Montreal Canadiens .
t: Reg Abbott played only three games in the NHL in 1952-53 for the Montreal Canadiens .
0: He was a played the played three games in the National Hockey League in 1952 for the Montreal Canadiens .
1: During this time , he played three games in the National Hockey League in 1952 -1952 .
2: He played three games in the National Hockey League in 1952-53 for the Montreal Canadiens .
3: During this time , he played three games in the National Hockey League in 1953 for the Montreal Canadiens .
9:

s: The primary difference between a ruminant and non-ruminant is that ruminants have a four-compartment stomach .
t: The primary difference between a ruminant and non-ruminants ( such as people , dogs , and pigs ) is that ruminants have a four-compartment stomach .
0: The primary difference between a ruminants and non-ruminants have a four-compartment stomach .
1: The primary difference between a ruminant and not the many is that rumination .
2: The primary difference between a ruminants have a four-compartment stomach .
3: The primary difference between and non-ruminants have a four-compartment stomach .
9:

s: However , this does not imply that the wild-type allele is the ancestor from which the mutants are descended .
t: This means Tom has genes for both red and brown hair .
0: However , this does not imply that the wild-type alled escended .
1: However , this does not important the started .
2: The ancestor from which the wild-type alle is the ancestor from which the mutants are descended .
3: The wild-this does not imply that the wild-type allele is the ancestor from which the mutants are descended .
9: The mutants are descended .

s: Glass fiber ( also spelled glass fiber ) is a material consisting of numerous extremely fine fibers of glass .
t: Fiberglass ( also called fibreglass and glass fiber ) is material made from extremely fine fibers of glass .
0: Glass fiber ( also spelled glass fiber ) is a material consisting of numerous extremely fibers of glass .
1: Glass first ( also species glass first ) is a material consisting of number of the first for first for season .
2: Glass fiber ( also spelled glass fiber ) is a material consisting of numerous extremely fibers of glas .
3: Glass fiber ( also spelled glass fiber ) is a material consisting of numerous extremely fibers of glass .
9:

s: The cultures in the region and the Arctic indigenous peoples have adapted to its cold and extreme conditions .
t: Eskimos are Arctic people , too .
0: The cultures in the regions and the Arctic indigenous people have adapted to its cold and extreme conditions .
1: The cultures in the region and the Arctic in the control .
2: The cultures in the region and the Arctic indigenous peoples have a dapted to its cold and extreme conditions .
3: The cultures in the region and the Arctic indigenous peoples have adapted to its colditions .
9:

s: In 1911 parts of Cedar Fork Township of Wake County was transferred to Durham County and became Carr Township .
t: In 1911 parts of Cedar Fork Township in Wake County were transferred to Durham County and became Carr Township .
0: In 1911 parts of Cedar Fork Township of Wake County and became County and became County and became County and became County and became County and became County and became County and became County an end became County an enother .
1: In 1911 , the Company was a Township .
2: In 1911 , parts of Cedar Fork Township of Wake County was transfered to Durham County and became Carr Township .
3: In 1911 parts of Cedar Fork Township of Wake County was transfered to Durham County and became Carr Township .
9:

s: In 1840 , the center of population was about 260 miles ( 418 km ) west of Washington , near Weston , Virginia .
t: In 1840 , the center of population was about 260 miles ( 418 km ) west of Washington , near Weston , West Virginia .
0: In 1840 , the center of population was about 260 miles ( 418 km ) weston , near Weston , near Weston , Virginia .
1: In 1840 , the center of population was a born 2004 miles ( 18 km ) was of Washington , Vienna .
2: In 1840 , the center of population was about 2600 miles ( 418 km ) west of Washington , Virginia .
3: In 1840 , the center of population was about 260 miles ( 418 km ) weston , near Weston , Virginia .
9:

s: He has continued the tradition of great Pakistani leg spin bowlers and possesses a very well disguised googly .
t: He is generally a leg spin bowler and is famous for his googlies .
0: He has continued the tradition of great Pakistani legs spin bowlers and possessessessessessessesses and possessessessessessessessessesses and posses and possessessessessessessesses and possesesses .
1: He has continued the tradition of great Pakistanic and pink and some a posses .
2: He has continued the tradition of great Pakistani leg spin bowlers and possesses and possesses and possesses and possesses and possesses and possesses and possesses and possesses and possesses and possesses and .
3: He has continued the tradition of great Pakistani legs and possesses and possesses and possesses and possesses and possesses and possesses and possesses and possesses and possesses and possesses and possesses and posses and the pinter .
9:

s: Okapis are essentially solitary , coming together only to breed , with the exception of mothers and offspring .
t: In captivity Okapis can become 30 or more years old .
0: Okapis are sessentially solitary , coming togethers and of mothers and of mothers and offspring .
1: Okapis are explosially solitary , coming to the because of the production of the production of the profession .
2: Okapis are essentially solitary , coming together only togethers and offspring .
3: The exception of mothers are essentially together only together only togethers and offspring .
9:

s: Kin selection is not the same thing as group selection , where natural selection acts on the group as a whole .
t: Kin selection or kin altruism is a form of natural selection .
0: King selection is not the same things on the group selection , whole selection acts on the group selection .
1: King the time is not the same things and the selection , where the second the second the started .
2: Kinn selection is not the same thing as group selection , where natural selection acts on the group as a whole .
3: Kin selection is not the same things as group selection acts on the group acts on the group as a whole .
9:

s: Despite the news that Franchitti parted ways with wife Ashley Judd , Franchitti did better than 2012 's season .
t: Franchitti married American actress Ashley Judd in December 2001 .
0: Despite the news that Franchitti despite Ashley Judd , Franchitti despite Ashley Judd , Franchitti despite Ashley Judd , Franchitti despite Ashley Judd , Franchitti despite Ashley Judd , Franchitti despite Ashley Jud , Franchiti despite .
1: Despite the news that Franchitties were was were the end the France , which was did not the France .
2: Despite the news that Franchitii parted ways with wife Ashley Jud , Franchititi did better than 2012 's season .
3: Despite the newspition part Franchitition .
9:

s: In 1930 she returned to Moscow and helped found Moscow News , the first English-language newspaper in the city .
t: In 1930 she came back to Moscow and helped start Moscow News , the first English-language newspaper in the city .
0: In 1930 she returned to Moscow and helped found Moscow Newspaper in the first English-language newspaper in the city .
1: In 1930 she returned to Moscow and helped found Moscow News , the first English language newspaper in the city .
2: In 1930 she returned to Moscow News , the first English-language newspaper in the city .
3: In 1930 she returned to Moscow and helped found Moscow Newspaper in the first English-language newspaper in the city .
9: In 1930 she returned to Moscow News , the first English-language newspaper in the city .

s: Her research is to identify a novel approach to the treatment of Parkinson 's disease and Alzheimer 's disease .
t: She specializes in studying how the human brain works and has done a lot of research into diseases such as Parkinson 's disease and Alzheimer 's disease which are common in older people .
0: Her reseasease and Alzheimer 's diseasease and Alzheimer 's diseaseasease and Alzheimer 's diseasease .
1: Her research is to is a part of the approached on the part of the Park 's series .
2: Her research is to identify a novel aproach to the treatment of Parkinson 's disease and Alzheimer 's disease .
3: Her research is to identify approach to the treatment of Parkinson 's disease and Alzheimer 's disease .
9: Her research is to identify a novel approach to the treatment of Parkinson 's disease .

s: He has been teaching for over 30 years and continues to travel widely in Europe , America , Australia and Asia .
t: He travels widely in Europe , America , Australia and Asia .
0: He has been teaching for over 30 years and continues to travel widely in Europe , Australia and Asia .
1: He has been teaching for over 300 years of continues to the Alantic , in Europe , America , Australia and Asia .
2: He has been teaching for over 30 years and continues to travel widely in Europe , Australia and Asia .
3: He has been teaching for over 30 years and continues to travel widely in Europe , America , America , Australia .
9:

s: Taught guitar by his mother and a childhood friend , Cash began playing and writing songs at the age of twelve .
t: He was taught by his mother and her friend to play the guitar and sing .
0: Taught guitar by his mother and a children , Cash began playing and writing songs at the age of twelve .
1: Taught guitar by his mother and a childhood friend , Cash began playing and writing songs and the general was the first .
2: Taught guitar by his mother and a childhodod friend , Cash began playing and writing songs at the age of twelve .
3: Taught guitar by his mother and a childhood friend , Cash began playing songs at the age of twelve .
9:

s: The sustained popularity of Don Giovanni has resulted in extensive borrowings and arrangements of the original .
t: They are looking for Don Giovanni .
0: The sustained popularity of Don Giovannie and arrangements of the original .
1: The sustained popularity of Dona Govannis as a sustant the Government .
2: The sustained popularity of Don Giovannial .
3: The sustained popularity of Don Giovannia has resulted in extensive borowings and arrangements of the original .
9:

s: The American Airlines Flight 11 aircraft was a Boeing 767-223ER delivered in 1987 , registration number N334AA .
t: The American Airlines Flight 11 aircraft was a Boeing 767 .
0: The American Airlines Flight 11 aircraft was a Boeing 767 , registration number N33AA .
1: The American Airlines Flight 11 and rafter 1727 .
2: The American Airlines Flight 111 aircraft was a Boeing 767-23 ERER delivered in 1987 , registration number N3AAA .
3: The American Airlines Flight 11 aircraft was a Boeing 767-23 ER delivered in 1987 .
9: The American Airlines Flight 11 aircraft was a Boeing 767-223ER delivered in 1987 .

s: U Thant tried to persuade Nasser not to go to war with Israel by flying to Cairo in a last-minute peace effort .
t: U Thant tried to persuade Nasser not to go to war with Israel by flying to Cairo in a last minute peace effort .
0: The are also the started Nasseru not to go to to go to the start .
1: The United States are ade Nasser Notional Coloration .
2: UThant tried to persuade Naser not to goo to war with Israel by flying to Cairo in a last-minute peace effort .
3: The Thant tried to persuade Nasser not to go to go to Cairo in a last-minute peace effort .
9:

s: Geoffrey II dismissed her to marry Adèle , the daughter of a `` Count Odo '' , perhaps Odo II , Count of Blois .
t: His third wife was Adèle , the daughter of a `` Count Odo '' of Blois .
0: Geoffrey II dismissed her to marry Ado 's Odo ' , Count of a `` Count Odo ' , perhaps Odo ' , Count of Blois .
1: Geoffrey II district of Indian try , the All , daughter the to the Original , Indian , Indian , Country Book .
2: Geoffrey III dismissed her to marry Adéle , the daughter of a `` Count Odo '' , perhaps Odo II , Count of Blois .
3: Geoffrey II dismissed her to marry Addel , the daughter of a `` Count Odo '' , perhaps Odo II , Count of Blois .
9:

s: The Epsteins opened a second store at 12-14 Whitechapel , and Epstein was put in charge of the entire operation .
t: When his family opened a record department in one of their stores , Epstein was put in charge .
0: The Epsteins opened a second store at 12-12 Whiten was put in charge operation .
1: The Epsteins opened a second store at 12 people when the Epineses .
2: The Epsteins opened a second store at 12-14 Whitechapel , and Epsteins operation .
3: The Epsteins opened a second store at 14 Whitechapel , and Epstein was put in charge operation .
9:

s: Lepidodendron likely lived in the wettest parts of the coal swamps that existed during the Carboniferous period .
t: The end of the Coal Measures marks the end of the Carboniferous period .
0: Lepidodendron likely likely lived in the coal story .
1: Lepidodent is likely lived in the were the production of the started to the started to the Carbon for Countries .
2: Lepidoden lived in the weten the wettest parts of the coal swamps that existed during the Carboniferous period .
3: The Carbon likely likely lived in the Carboniferous period .
9:

s: The title is taken from its opening Latin words , Te Deum laudamus , rendered as `` Thee , O God , we praise '' .
t: It is named after the first few words , Te Deum laudamus ( We praise thee , O Lord ) .
0: The title is taken from its opening Latin words , Tee Deum laudamus , rendered as `` The God , we praise '' .
1: The title is taken from its opening Latin words , Tenneum , and Duke released as `` The Original , were '' .
2: The title is taken from its opening Latin words , Tee Deum laudamus , rendered as `` The , OGod , week praise '' .
3: The title is taken from its opening Latin words , Te Deum laudamus , rendered as `` The Deum laudamus , were praise '' .
9:

s: When he attempted to publish his novel , Invisible Monsters , publishers rejected it for its disturbing content .
t: When he tried to write his next novel , Invisible Monsters , publishers did not like it because they thought it was too scary .
0: When he attempted to publishers , Invisible Monsters , publishers rejected its disturbing content .
1: When he attempted to published by the Minister because the series .
2: When he attempted to publishers rejected itsurbing content .
3: When he attempted to publishers , Invisible Monsters , publishers rejected its disturbing content .
9:

s: The eponymous `` mass effect '' is a form of inertia-suppressing technology , allowing faster-than-light travel .
t: Mass Effect has a very detailed fictional universe , with many of the concepts based on real science .
0: The eponymous `` mass effect '' is a form of inertia-suppressing technology , allowing faster-travel .
1: The epon mous `` mass effect '' is a form of inertial species .
2: The eponymous `` mass effect '' is a form of inertia-supressing technology , allowing faster-than-light travel .
3: The eponymous `` mass effect '' is a form of inertia-suppressing technology , allowing faster-than light travel .
9:

s: Platypterygius ( ` Flat wing ( flipper ) ' , von Huene 1922 ) is an ichthyosaur of the family Ophthalmosauridae .
t: Platypterygius ( ` flat flipper ) ' is an ichthyosaur of the family Ophthalmosauridae .
0: Platypterygius ( Flatyper ) is a flipper .
1: Platyptery iuse of its a part of the Olympic and the Olympic .
2: Platypterygius ( `` Flat wing ( fliper ) '' , von Huene 192 ) is an ichthyosauridae .
3: Platypterygius ( Flatypterygius ( flipper ) is an ichthyosaur of the family Ophthalmosaur of the family Ophthalmosauridae .
9: Platypterygius ( ` Flat wing ' ) is an ichthyosaur of the family Ophthalmosauridae .

s: Eugen Jochum ( German : ( ˈɔʏ̯ɡeːn ˈjɔxʊm ) ; 1 November 1902 - 26 March 1987 ) was an eminent German conductor .
t: Eugen Jochum ( pronounce : OY-gen YO-ghum ) ( born Babenhausen , 1 November 1902 ; died 26 March 1987 ) was a famous German conductor .
0: Eugen Jochum ( German :             ) was an eminent German conductor .
1: Eugen Jochum ( German :
2: Eugen Jochum ( 1987 ) was an eminent German conductor .
3: Eugen Jochum ( born 1987 - March 1902 - March 1902 - March 1902 - March 1987 ) was an eminent German conductor .
9: Eugen Jochum ( 1 November 1902 - 26 March 1987 ) was an eminent German conductor .

s: The team is owned by MLS investor Clark Hunt , who also owns the National Football League 's Kansas City Chiefs .
t: The team is owned by Clark Hunt , who also owns the Columbus Crew and the National Football League team Kansas City Chiefs .
0: The team is owned by MSL investor Clark Hunt , who also owns the National Football League 's Kansas City City City City Chiefs .
1: The team is owned by MLS in Charles Charles Charles Charles Championship .
2: The team is owned by MLS investor Clark Hunt , who also owns the National Football League 's Kansasa City Chiefs .
3: The team is owned by MLS investor Clark Hunt , who also of the National Football League 's Kansas City Chiefs .
9:

s: Glaciologically , ice age implies the presence of extensive ice sheets in the northern and southern hemispheres .
t: Ice age is a phrase coined for the period of extensive ice sheets in the recent Pleistocene period .
0: Glaciologically , ice age implies the presence of extensive ice sheets in the northern and southern and southern hemisphere .
1: Glaciologically , it is a temperation presence of extensive in the extension .
2: Glaciologically , ice age implies the presence of extensive ice sheets in the northern hemispheres .
3: Glaciologically , ice age implies the presence of extensive sheets in the northern and southern hemispheres .
9:

s: In a typical chapter , Nobita comes home crying about a problem he faces in school or in the local neighborhood .
t: In a typical story Doramon uses a tool to solve a problem for Nobita , but Nobita goes too far and ends up being punished and learning a lesson .
0: In a typical chapter , Nobita comes homes in school or in school or in school or in school or in the local neighborhood .
1: In a typical chapter , Nobital composer because about a problems .
2: Nobita chapter , Nobita chapter , Nobita comes home crying about a problem he faces in school or in the local neighborhood .
3: In a typical chapter , Nobita comes homes homes he faces in school or in the local neighborhood .
9:

s: Mussorgsky links the suite 's movements in a way that depicts the viewer 's own progress through the exhibition .
t: Mussorgsky starts his piece with a tune which describes the person walking round the exhibition .
0: Mussorgsky links the suite 's movements in a way that depicts through the exhibition .
1: Mussorgs are the the suite 's movements in a way that depicts the viewer 's own to the see .
2: Mussorgsky linksy linksy linksy linksy linksy linksy linksy linksy linksy linksy .
3: Mussorgsky links the suite 's movements in a way that depicts that depicts through the exhibition .
9:

s: The First Street neighborhood was nicknamed `` Simple City '' owing to its being `` half-city , half country '' .
t: His family lived in a mostly African-American community in Washington , D.C. .
0: The First Street neighborhood was nicknamed `` Simple City '' owing to its being `` half-country '' .
1: The First Street neighborhood was nicknamed `` Simple City '' own '' .
2: The First Street neighborhod was nicknamed `` Simple City '' owing to its being `` half-city , half-city , half-city , half-city , half-city , half-city , half-city , half-city , half-city , half-city , half-count .
3: The First Street neighborhood was nicknamed `` Simple City '' owing to its being `` half-city , half-city , half-city , half-city , half-city , half-city , half-city , half-city , half-country .
9: The First Street neighborhood was nicknamed `` Simple City '' owing to its being `` half-city '' .

s: Jèrriais is the form of the Norman language spoken in Jersey , in the Channel Islands , off the coast of France .
t: Jèrriais is a language that is spoken in Jersey .
0: Jrriais is the forman language spoken in Jersey , in Jersey , in the Channel Islands , of France .
1: Japria is a the formed to the Naman and age spoken in Jersey , in the Channel Islands , the Islands , and the Islands .
2: JJèriaiss is the form of the Norman language spoken in Jersey , in the Channell Islands , off the coast of France .
3: Jürriais is the form of the Norman language spoken in Jersey , in the Channel Islands , of France .
9:

s: Lightfoot has a song about Yonge Street , titled `` On Yonge Street '' , on his album A Painter Passing Through .
t: Canadian singer-songwriter Gordon Lightfoot has a song about Yonge Street , titled `` On Yonge Street '' , on his album A Painter Passing Through .
0: Lightfootto Yonge Street 's album AP as album AP as a songe Street 's album AP as album AP Passing Through .
1: Light total of the You South Olympic Party Party Party Ponger Party .
2: Lightfootot has a song about Yonge Street , titled `` On Yonge Street '' , on his album APassing Through .
3: Lightfot has a song about Yonge Street , the Street , the Street 's on his album APainter Passing Through .
9:

s: As the distance gets shorter , Π ( p ) approaches 90 ° , whereas with increasing distance Π ( p ) approaches 0 ° .
t: As the distance gets shorter , approaches 90 ° , whereas with increasing distance approaches 0 ° .
0: As the distance gets shorter , where he distance gets shorter , where he with increasing distance   .
1: As the distance gets shorter , the part oproaches ( 90 , where ) with increasing ) , and the term .
2: As the distance gets shorter ,   ( p ) approaches 90 ° , where approaches 90 ° .
3: As the distance gets shorter , approachesing distance gets 90 ° C and the approachesing distance ( proachesing distance ) approachesing distance ( produce ) approachesing distance .
9: As the distance gets shorter ,   ( p ) approaches 90 ° , whereas with increasing distance   ( p ) approaches 0 ° .

s: Further east , severe thunderstorms caused scattered wind damage and large hail across Pennsylvania and New York .
t: The squall line of severe thunderstorms moved back into Tennessee and Mississippi .
0: Further east , severed scattered scattered scattered wind damage and large and large and New York .
1: Further east , severe thunderstorms caused scated and and damage and large had a cross and started and a strong .
2: Further east , severe thunderstorms caused scattered wind damage and large hail across Pensylvania and New York .
3: Further east , severed wind damage and large and large and large and large hail across Pensylvania and New York .
9:

s: The Dubuji Boardwalk is a walking trail from the main highway to the beach that has toilet and picnic facilities .
t: To the north there is a four wheel drive unsealed road , called the Bloomfield Track .
0: The Dubuji Boardwalking trail from the main highway to the beach that and picture .
1: The Dubuji Boardwalk is a was a group of the the main high the control .
2: The Dubuji Boardwalking trail from the main highway to the beach that has toilet and picnicipalities .
3: The Dubuji Boardwalk is a walking trail from the main highway toilet and picnic facilities .
9:

s: Fueled by his tour of Europe and meeting Davies , 1911 through 1914 were the most productive years of his career .
t: 1911 through 1914 were the most productive years of his career .
0: Fueled by his tour of Europe and meeting Davies , 1914 through 1914 were the most productive years of his career .
1: Fueled by his tour of European for example was a province of the 1941 .
2: Fueled by his tour of Europe and meeting Davies , 1914 through 1914 were the most productive years of his career .
3: Fueled by his tour of Europe and meting Davies , 1914 were through 1914 were the most productive years of his career .
9:

s: Afterwards dumplings ( Nocken , diminutive : Nockerl , cf. Gnocchi ) are formed and baked on low heat in an oven .
t: You form three dumplings and put them in a form and bake it at low heat .
0: Afterwards dumplings ( Nocken , diminutive : Nockerl , c. f. Gnockerl , can baked on low heat in and baked on low heat in and baked on low heat in and baked on low heat in a second baked on lower .
1: Afterwards during the New Greek , and the New German , concert children the medical .
2: Afterwards dumplings ( Nocken , diminutive : Nockerl , c. f. Gnockerl , c. formed and baked on low heat in an oven .
3: Afterwards dumplings ( Nocken , diminutive : Nockerl , c. formed and baked on low heat in an oven .
9:

s: Anatomy is the scientific study of the structure of living things including their systems , organs , and tissues .
t: Anatomy is the study of the bodies of living beings .
0: Anatomy is the scientific study of the structure of living their systems , organs , organs , and their systems , and their systems , and the structure of living the structure of living the structure of living the structure of live .
1: Anatomy is the scientific study of the structure of living the group of the state systems , or senside .
2: Anatomy is the scientific study of the structure of livings including their systems , organs , and tissues .
3: Anatomy is the scientific study of their studientific systems , organs , organs , organs , and their systems , and their systems , and their systems , and their systems , organs , organs , organs , organized the systems .
9:

s: Afterwards , he became an Assistant Fiscal of the City of Manila and then a Judge to the Court of First Instance .
t: Afterwards , he became an Assistant Fiscal of the City of Manila and then as Judge to the Court of First Instance .
0: Afterwards , he became an Assistant Fiscal of Manila and the City of Manila and the Court of Fiscal of Fiscal of Fiscal of Manila and the City of Manila and the City of Fiscal of Fiscal of Manila and the City of Manila and the City of Fiscal of Fiscallllll
1: After the started to the Consistant of the Constitution of the France .
2: He became a started the City of Manila and the City of Manila and then a Judge to the Court of First Instance .
3: Afterwards , he became an Assistant Fiscal of the City of Manila and the Court of First Instance .
9:

s: Nevado del Ruiz , which lies about 129 kilometers ( 80 mi ) west of Bogotá , is part of the Andes mountain range .
t: It is about 80 miles ( 129 km ) west of Bogotá , close to the town of Armero .
0: Nevado del Ruiz , which lies about 12 kilometers ( 80 mi ) west of Bogot , is part of the Andes mountain range .
1: Nevado del Ruiz , which live about 1929 miles ( 1980 miles ) , which is a popular .
2: Nevado del Ruiz , which lies about 1299 kilometers ( 80 mi ) west of Bogotá , is part of the Andes mountain range .
3: Nevado del Ruiz , which lies about 129 kilometers ( 80 mi ) west of Bogoté , is part of the Andes mountain range .
9:

s: If players lose a life and do not have any more lives , they must use a Continue and start all over with 5 lives .
t: If a player loses a life and does not have any more lives , a Continue must be used to start over with 5 lives .
0: If players lose and do not all over with a lives , they must use and start all over with 5 lives .
1: If players lose a life and do not have any more lives , they must use and the Country .
2: If players lose a life and do not have any more lives , they must use a Continue and started in the any more lives .
3: If players lose and do not have any more lives , they must use a Continue and start all over with 5lives .
9:

s: The site was created by 18-year-old Leif K-Brooks of Brattleboro , Vermont , and was launched on March 25 , 2008 .
t: It was started in late March of 2009 by an eighteen-year-old , Leif K-Brooks , who lives in Vermont .
0: The site was created by 18-year-old Leif K-Brooks of Brooks of Brooks of Brooks of Brooks of Marched on Marched on Marched on Marched on Marched on Marched on Marched on Marched on Marched 18 , 2008 .
1: The site was created by 1888 .
2: The site was created by 18-year-old Leiff K-Brooks of Brattleboro , Vermont , and was launched on March 25 , 2008 .
3: The site was created by 18-year-old Leif K-Brooks of Brattleboro , Vermont , and was launched on March 25 , 25 , 25 , 25 , 25 .
9:

s: During Henry I 's lifetime William was invested as Duke of Normandy , a title he held more in name than practice .
t: During king Henry I 's lifetime William was invested by Henry as Duke of Normandy .
0: During Henry I 's lifetime William was invested as Duke of Normandy , a title held more in name than practice .
1: During Henry Indian the member of the National Das and North Dame .
2: During Henry I 's lifetime William was invested as Duke of Normandy , a title held more in name than practice .
3: During Henry I 's lifetime William was invested as Duke of Normandy , a title held more in name than practice .
9:

s: Mean annual rainfall values oscillate around 580 mm ( 22.8 in ) , and the vegetation period lasts 200 to 210 days .
t: Mean annual rainfall values oscillate around 550 millimetres ( 21.7 in ) , and the vegetation period lasts 200 to 210 days .
0: Mean annual rainfall values oscillate around 580 mm ( 22.8 mm ) , and the vegetation period lasts 200 to 200 to 200 millate around 500 millate around 500 millate around 500 m ( 200 m ) .
1: Mean annual rainfall values of the 28 miles ( 8.0 m ) .
2: Mean annual rainfall values oscillate around 580 m ( 2.80 m ) , and the vegetation period last 200 to 210 days .
3: Mean annual rainfall values of 2.80 m ( 2.8 m ) , and the vegetation period lasts 2.8 to 210 to 210 to 210 days .
9:

s: There are three videos for this song Keane are playing in a white room , and proceed to change into other persons .
t: It was the first Keane CD to be sold in stores .
0: There are three videos for this song Keane are playing in a white room , and proceedos .
1: There are three videos for this song Keane are playing in a white room , and process to change in the player .
2: There are three videos for this song Keane are playing into other person .
3: There are three videos for this song Keane are playing in a white room , and proce into other persons .
9:

s: Hydrogen fuel does not occur naturally on Earth and thus is not an energy source ; rather it is an energy carrier .
t: Even though it 's simple and there 's so much of it , hydrogen does not occur naturally as a gas on the earth : it 's always combined with other things .
0: Hydrogen fuel does not carrier .
1: Hydrogen fuel does not of the East all on Earth and the Earth .
2: Hydrogen fuel does not occurre , and thus is not an energy source ; rather it is an energy carrier .
3: Hydrogen fuel does not occurally on Earth and the rather it is not an energy source ; rather it is an energy carrier .
9:

s: As he recalls Billy 's blessing , he realizes he has discovered genuine goodness and can be at peace with himself .
t: He thinks about how the young man had blessed him as he died , and he realizes that this was real goodness .
0: He received the received genuine good to he receives he with he with he with he with himself .
1: As he recally Billy 's belising , he realizes he has discovered genuines .
2: He recalls Billy 's blessing , he realizes he has discovered genuine good .
3: As he recalls Billy 's blessing , he realizes he has discovered genuine good not peace with himself .
9:

s: Ferenc Fricsay ( Hungarian : ( ˈfɛrɛnts ˈfritʃɒj ) ; 9 August 1914 - 20 February 1963 ) was a Hungarian conductor .
t: Ferenc Fricsay ( born Budapest , 9 August 1914 ; died Basel , 20 February 1963 ) ( pronounced `` Ferr - ` ens ` Frich-sye '' ) was a Hungarian conductor .
0: Ferench Fricsay ( Hungarian :      ) was a Hungarian conductor .
1: Ference Fictor ( born France ) is a Harry 1949 ) was a British 1942 ) was a First and Harry and Harry .
2: Ference Fricsay ( Hungarian :      ; born 19 August 1914 - 20 February 1963 ) was a Hungarian conductor .
3: Ferenc Fricsay ( Hungarian :                                                                                    , was a Hungarian conductor .
9: Ferenc Fricsay ( 9 August 1914 - 20 February 1963 ) was a Hungarian conductor .

s: There are 33 crustacean species found in the Colorado River and its tributaries within Grand Canyon National Park .
t: Most people who visit the Grand Canyon drive in cars to the South Rim and just look at the canyon from the rim and take pictures .
0: There are 333 crustacean species found in the Colorado River and its tributaries within Grand Canyon National Park .
1: There are 33 crustant of the Confound in the Colorado River and its the Catholic and National Canada National Park .
2: There are 3crustacean species found in the Colorado River and its tributaries within Grand Canyon National Park .
3: There are 333 crustacean species found in the Colorado River and its tributaries within Grand Canyon National Park .
9:

s: Geographically it forms part of the Cordillera Septentrional , reaching a maximum height of 800 m above sea level .
t: It stands alone even if it is part of the Cordillera Septentrional .
0: Geographically it forms part of the Cordillera Septentrional , reaching a maximum height of 800 maximum height of 800 maximum height of 800 m above sea level .
1: Geographically it forms part of the Cordilleration , and the to the move a many many many of the move a very levelopment .
2: Geographically it forms part of the Cordillera Septentrional , reaching a maximum he each of 800 maximum he each of 800 maximum he evel .
3: Geographically it forms part of the Cordillera Septentrional , reaching a maximum height of 800 maximum height of 800 maximum height of 800 maximum height of 800 maximum height of 800 maximum height of 800 maximum he had levery .
9:

s: Emus were introduced to Maria Island off Tasmania and Kangaroo Island near South Australia during the 20th century .
t: The emus on the mainland of Australia and those on the island of Tasmania may have been different species .
0: Emus were introduced to Maria Island of Tasmania and Kangaroo Island near South Australia during the 20th century .
1: Emus were introduced to Maria Island of Tanas and and Kangaro Island Indian and Indian and the 2002 .
2: Emus were introduced to Maria Island of Tasmania and Kangaroo Island near South Australia during the 20th century .
3: Emus were introduced to Maria Island of Tasmania and Kangaroo Island near South Australia during the 20th century .
9:

s: Her most recent film role was the mother of Judy ( Parker Posey ) in the 2002 romantic comedy , The Sweetest Thing .
t: Her most recent movie role was that of the mother of Judy ( Parker Posey ) in the 2002 romantic comedy , The Sweetest Thing .
0: Her most recent film role was the mother of Judy ( Parker Parker Posey ) in the 2002 romantic comedy , The Sweetest Thing .
1: Her most recent film role was the mother of Judy Prime Prime Prime Prime Prime .
2: Her most recent film role was the mother of Judy ( Parker Posey ) in the 2002 romantic comedy , The Swetest Thing .
3: Her most recent film role was the mother of Judy ( Parker Posey ) in the 2002 romedy , Thing .
9:

s: In 1967 , Carl Woese , Francis Crick , and Leslie Orgel were the first to suggest that RNA could act as a catalyst .
t: In 1967 , Carl Woese , Francis Crick , and Leslie Orgel suggested that RNA could act as a catalyst .
0: In 1967 , Carl Woese , Francis Crick , and Leslie Orgel were the first to suggest to suggest that RNA catalyst to suggest to suggest to suggest the first to suggest the first to suggest to suggest the first to suggest to suggest the first to suggest .
1: In 1967 , Carles , France , is Crick , and Leslies Orchestra the first to suggest that RNA could active a catal and the National Records .
2: In 1967 , Carl Woese , Francis Crick , and Leslie Orgel were the first to suggest that RNA could actalyst .
3: In 1967 , Carl Woese , Francis Crick , and Leslie Orgel were the first to suggest to suggest that RNA could actalyst .
9:

s: In the quantum theory , photons are seen as wave packets of the waves described in the classical theory of Maxwell .
t: Light exists in tiny packets called photons .
0: In theory of Maxwell .
1: In the quantum the several to see of the as was a part of the March .
2: In the quantum theory , photons are seen as waves described in the classical theory of Maxwell .
3: In the quantum theory , photons are seen as waves described in the waves described in the classical theory of Maxwell .
9:

s: Kelly was born in Günzburg , Bavaria ( then American Occupation Zone , Germany ) , in 1947 , as Petra Karin Lehmann .
t: Kelly was born in Günzburg .
0: Kelly was born in Günzburg , Bavaria ( then American Occupation Zone , Germany ) , in Lee , as Petra Karin Lee .
1: Kelly was born in Günzburg , Bavaria ( the band American October 1974 , 1974 ) , and the Kelly Party Kely Land .
2: Kelly was born in Günzburg , Bavaria ( then American Ocupation Zone , Germany ) , in 1947 , as Petra Karin Lehman .
3: Kelly was born in Günzburg , Bavaria ( the name Karin Lehman ) , in 1947 , in Lehman .
9:

s: Formerly part of Gwynedd , Anglesey , Holy Island and other smaller islands now make up the Isle of Anglesey County .
t: There are many small villages on the island .
0: Anglesey County islands now make up to the Islands now make up the Islands now make up the Isley County .
1: Formerly part of Green design the Indian the All County .
2: Formerly part of Gwyned , Anglesey , Holy Islands now make up the Islands now make up the Isleey County .
3: Formerly part of Gwyned , Anglesey , Holy Islands now make up the Islands now make up the Islesey County .
9:

s: There are two levels of protection-all signatories must apply the lower level of protection to qualifying languages .
t: There are two levels of protection .
0: There are two levels of protection all signatories must apply the lower lower lower lower lower level of protection .
1: There are two levels of protection all signatories must apply the lower levelopment of the protection of glass .
2: There are two levels of protection to qualifying languages .
3: There are two levels of protection all signatories must apply the level of protection to qualifying languages .
9: There are two levels of protection to qualifying languages .

s: Pope Gregory III ( Latin : Gregorius III ; died 28 November 741 ) was Pope from 11 February 731 to his death in 741 .
t: Pope Gregory III ( Latin : Gregorius Tertius ; died 28 November 741 ) was an Syrian priest of the Roman Catholic Church and the 90th Pope from 11 February 731 to 28 November 741 .
0: Pope Gregory III ( Latin : Gregorius III ; died 28 November 74 , 111 February 731 ) was Pope from 111 to his death in 741 .
1: Pope Gregory III ( Latin : Gregorius II .
2: Pope Gregory IIII ( Latin : Gregorius III ; died 28 November 741 ) was Pope from 11 to his death in 741 .
3: Pope Gregory III ( Latin : Gregorius III ; died 28 November 741 ) was Pope from 11 February 731 to his death in 741 to his death in 741 .
9:

s: The division was created in 1998 and is named after Harold Blair , an Aboriginal singer and civil rights campaigner .
t: Created in 1998 , it is named after Harold Blair , an Aboriginal singer and civil rights campaigner .
0: The division was created in 1998 and is named after Harold Blair , and civil rights campaigner .
1: The division was created in 1998 and is named after Harold Blair , and Alliginal singer and civil right .
2: The division was created in 1998 and is named after Harold Blair , and civil rights campaigner and civil rights campaigner .
3: The division was created in 1998 and is named after Harold Blair , and civil rights campaigner and civil rights campaigner .
9:

s: In September 2008 , the show was renewed for a second season with 20 episodes that premiered on September 21 , 2009 .
t: Its first episode premiered on April 26 , 2008 .
0: In September 2008 , the show was renewed for a second second second september 2009 .
1: In September 2008 , the show was renewed for a second season with 2009 .
2: In September 2008 , the show was renewed for a second season with 2009 .
3: In September 2008 , the show was renewed for a second season with 2009 episodes that premiered on September 21 , 2009 .
9:

s: Los Angeles was incorporated as a municipality on April 4 , 1850 , five months before California achieved statehood .
t: On April 4 , 1850 California became a State of the USA .
0: Los Angeles was incorporated as a municipality on April 4 , 1850 , five months before California achieved state .
1: Los Angeles was incorporated as a municipality of Championship , 1858 .
2: Los Angeles was incorporated as a municipality on April 4 , 1850 , five months before California achieved statehod .
3: Los Angeles was incorporated as a municipality on April 4 , 1850 , 1850 , five months before California achieved statehod .
9:

s: But if n / m is in lowest terms , then the identity labeled ( \* ) above says m / ( n − m ) is in still lower terms .
t: If a person has one number a and another smaller number b , he can make the ratio of the two numbers by dividing them .
0: But if n / mi is in lowers , then terms , the identity lowers , above small lowers .
1: But is not make in lower the many the most is a style .
2: The identity lowest terms , then the identity labeled ( n - m ) is in still lower terms .
3: The if n n / mist in lowest the identity labeled ( now esays may may smalled ) is in still lower terms .
9: But if n / m is in lowest terms , then the identity labeled ( above says m / ) is in still lower terms .

s: Roux / ˈruː / ( also rue or panada ) is a substance created by cooking wheat flour and fat ( traditionally butter ) .
t: Roux is a cooking mixture of wheat flour and butter ( or other fat ) .
0: Roux / ru is a subttance created by cooking wheated by cooking wheat flour and father .
1: Roux is a controlar is a or part of the are also can be a contrology .
2: Roux / / ( also rue or panada ) is a substance created by cooking wheat flour and fat ( traditionally butter ) .
3: Roux / rue or panada ( also rue or panada ) is a substance created by cooking wheat flour and flour and flour and flour and flour and flour and flour and flour and flour and flower .
9: Roux is a substance created by cooking wheat flour and fat ( traditionally butter ) .

s: By this time Barbirolli was conductor of the New York Philharmonic , where he had succeeded Arturo Toscanini in 1936 .
t: By this time Barbirolli was conductor of the New York Philharmonic .
0: By this time Barbirolli was conductor of the New York Philharmonic , where he had succeeded Arturolli was conductor of the New York Philharmonic , where he was conductor of the he work Phila was conductor of the New York Philar .
1: By this time Barbirollin 1963 .
2: By this time Barbirolli was conductor of the New York Philharmonic , where he had succeeded Arturo Toscanininic , where he had succeeded Arturo Toscaninini 193 .
3: By this time Barbirolli was conductor of the New York Philharmonic , where he had succeededed Arturo Toscanini in 1936 .
9:

s: This phase includes a wider vista that offers visitors an opportunity to see African Lions and a new Cheetah exhibit .
t: Phase III will open at the end of June 2013 , This phase will include a wider vista that will offer visitors an opportunity to see African Lions and a new Cheetah exhibit .
0: This phase includes and a wider visita offers visitors and a new Cheeta .
1: This phase includes and the visitute of the Latistian American League Arabie Latin American Land Antaria .
2: This phase includes a wider vista that offers visitors and a new Cheetah exhibit .
3: This phase includes a wider visitors and a that offers visitors and a new Chetah exhibit .
9:

s: Babur then marched onto Lahore to confront Daulat Khan Lodi , only to see Daulat 's army melt away at their approach .
t: When Babur reached India , Daulat was afraid to help him , and eventually backed out , and so Babur started off to Delhi by himself with his small army of men .
0: Babur then marched on Lahore to confront Daulat Khan Lodi , only to see Daulat 's army melt at their approach .
1: Babur the name the on the Lorenor of the Danaulation , Lodie , and to the Daulation army and the part the part of the part .
2: Babur then marched on Lahore to confront Daulat Khan Lodi , only to see Daulat 's army melt away at their aproach .
3: Babur then marched on the Daulat Khan Lodi , only to Lahore Daulat Khan Lodi , only their approach .
9:

s: Designated Uranus XXIV , it was named after the son of the King of Naples in William Shakespeare 's play The Tempest .
t: Designated Uranus XXIV it was named after the son of the King of Naples in William Shakespeare 's play The Tempest .
0: The song of Naples XXXVI , it was named after the son of the King of Naples in William Shakespeare 's play Tempest .
1: Designated Uranus XXIV , it was named after the song of the King Wales .
2: Designated Uranus XXXI , it was named after the son of the King of Naplest .
3: Designated Uranus XIV , it was named after the son of the King of Naples in William Shakespeare 's play The Tempeare 's play The Tempest .
9:

s: Treats was to have ended its tour in the West End , at the Garrick Theatre , starting in February 2007 with previews .
t: Treats was to have ended its tour in the West End , at the Garrick Theatre , starting on 28 February 2007 with previews from on 20 February .
0: The West of the West Ended in February 2007 with previews .
1: Treats was to have ended its tour in the West English the Great , The Greek , the Greek , and the The Greek , which was released to the series .
2: Treats was tour in the West End , at the Garrick Theatre , starting in February 2007 with previews .
3: Treats was tour in the West Ended its tour in the West Ended in February 2007 with previews .
9:

s: Soon afterwards Lance left Okeh and moved to Dakar Records , where he had the Top 40 R&B hit `` Follow the Leader . ''
t: Soon after Lance left OKeh Records in 1968 and moved to Dakar Records , where he had the Top 40 R&B hit `` Follow the Leader . ''
0: Soon afterwards Lance left Oke had to Dakar Records , where he had to Dakards Leader .
1: Soon after the Royal David Roman David Roman Dakard Rock Royal Dake Royal the Top 40 Rock .
2: Soon afterwards Lance left Okeh and moved to Dakar Records , where he had the Top 40 R&B hit `` Follow the Leader '' .
3: Soon afterwards Lance left Okeh and moved to Dakards Leader .
9: Soon afterwards Lance left Okeh and moved to Dakar Records , where he had the Top 40 R&B hit `` Follow the Leader '' .

s: The argonauts ( genus Argonauta , the only extant genus in the Argonautidae family ) are a group of pelagic octopuses .
t: They are a group of pelagic octopuses .
0: The argonauts ( genus Argonauts Argonauts ) are a groups of pelagic octopus in the Argonauts .
1: The are naution genus Argonaution the only extant genus in the Argonaution .
2: The argonauts ( genus Argonauta , the only extant genus in the Argonautidae family ) are a groupses .
3: The argonauts ( genus Argonauta ) the only extant genus in the Argonautidae family .
9:

s: Miura Goro ( 三浦梧楼 ) , then Japan 's Resident Minister in Korea , was suspected as the mastermind of the assassination .
t: Empress Myeongseong was killed by Miura Goro , a Japanese assassin .
0: Miura Goro (      ) , then Japan 's Resident Ministerministerministerministerministermind of the assassination .
1: Miura Goro (                                                                                                                                                                                                     ) .
2: Miura Goro (     ) , then Japan 's Resident Ministermind of the assassination .
3: Miura Goro (      ) , then Japan 's Resident Minister in Korea , was the mastermind of the assassination .
9: Miura Goro (      ) , then Japan 's Resident Minister in Korea , was suspected as the mastermind of the assassination .

s: A 1983 Time magazine article reported that the KGB was the world 's most effective information-gathering organization .
t: Belarus is the only post-Soviet Union era country where the national security organization is still called `` KGB '' .
0: A 1983 Time magazine article reported that the KGB was the world 's most effective information .
1: A 1983 Time magazine article reported that the KGB was the world 's most effective in the Great British Gorganization .
2: A 1983 Time magazine article reported that the KGBB was the world 's most effective information .
3: A 1983 Time magazine article reported that the KGB was the world 's most effective information .
9: A 1983 Time magazine article reported that the KGB was the world 's most effective information gathering organization .

s: In the modern game , a blackjack refers to any hand of an ace plus a ten or face card , regardless of suits or colors .
t: ` Blackjack ' , an ace and a face card , is the top scorer .
0: In the modern game , a blackjackjack refers to any hand of an ace plus a ten or face cardless or colors .
1: In the modern game , and ackjack refers to any hand of an acess , and control concard and controls .
2: In the modern game , a blackjackjack refers to any hand of an ace plus a ten or face card , regardles of suits or colors .
3: In the modern game , a black refers to any handless than ace plus a ten or face cardless of suits or colors .
9:

s: Darts is a form of throwing game in which small missiles are thrown at a circular target ( dartboard ) fixed to a wall .
t: Darts is a type of throwing game where darts are thrown on a circular target held on a wall .
0: Darts is a form of thrown atrown atrop of thrown atrown atrown at a circular target ( dartboard ) fixed to a wall .
1: Darts is a form of throwing game in which small mission .
2: Darts is a form of throwing game in which small missiles are thrown atrget ( dartboard ) fixed to a wall .
3: Darts is a form of throwing game in which small missiles are thrown at a circular tartboard .
9:

s: Blessed has joked that he was due to appear in Blackadder II ( 1986 ) as Elizabeth I , but was unavailable for filming .
t: Blessed jokes he almost starred in Blackadder II ( 1986 ) as Queen Elizabeth but he was n't available at the time of filming .
0: Blessed has joked that he was due to appear in Blackader II , but was unavialbet was unavailable for filming .
1: Blessed has joked that he was due to appeared to the British ( III ) , and II ) , which became a family .
2: Blessed has joked that he was due to appear in Blackader II ( 1986 ) as Elizabeth II , but was unavailable for filming .
3: Blessed has joked that he was due to appear in Blackader II ( 1986 ) as Elizabeth II , but was unavailable for filming .
9:

s: Hailed for its lucid style , Julius Caesar 's ( 100-44 BCE ) Bellum Gallicum exemplifies autobiographical war coverage .
t: The most famous writers are Julius Caesar 's ( 100 BC-44 BC ) Bellum Gallicum .
0: Hailed for its lucid style , Julius Caesar 's Caesar 's Bellum Gallium Gallium exemplifies autobiographical war coverage .
1: Hailed for its lucidestyle , Julius Caesar 's ( 100 BC ) is a Belumber 14 ) is a player .
2: Hailed for its lucid style , Julius Caesar 's ( 10-4 Bellum Gallicum Gallicum exemplifies autobiographical war coverage .
3: Hailed for its lucides autobiographical coverage .
9:

s: The player can carry a total of eight grenades ( four human grenades , four Covenant ) to dislodge and disrupt enemies .
t: The Covenant board the ship the player is aboard , and attempt to plant bombs to disable it and the other ships in the human fleet .
0: The player carry a total of eight grenades ( four Covenant ) to dislogic .
1: The player can carry and the of eight great the season , and some and design the season of the degree .
2: The player can carry at total of eight grenades ( four human grenades , four Covenant ) to dislodge and disrupt enemies .
3: The player can carry a total of eight grenades ( four human grenades ) to dislodes , four Covenant to dislodge and disloder can grenades .
9: The player can carry a total of eight grenades ( four human grenades ) .

s: Trunk pistons have been a common design of piston since the early days of the reciprocating internal combustion engine .
t: One of the biggest internal combustion engines in the world , the Wärtsilä-Sulzer RTA96-C is a two-stroke ; it is bigger than most two-story houses , has pistons nearly 1 metre in diameter and is one of the most efficient mobile engines in existence .
0: Trunk pistons have been a common design of pistons in the early days of the reciprocation engine .
1: The story is a control is a member of the second the century are the second in the politic control .
2: Trunk pistons have been a combustion since the early days of the reciprocating internal combustion engine .
3: Trunk pistons have been a common designe the early days of the early days of the reciprocating internal combustion engine .
9:

s: The first TV show designed for preschoolers to feature a black family , it ran for three seasons , , from 1994 to 1997 .
t: It was the first show designed for preschoolers to feature a Gullah family .
0: The first Vshow designed for preschoolers to 1994 .
1: The first TV show designed for preschool of the first for the first for its for the first for the 1999 .
2: The first TV show designed for preschoolers to feature a black family , it ran for three seasons , , from 1999 to 19997 .
3: The first TV show designed for preschoolers to feature a black family , it ran for three seasons , from 1994 to 1994 to 1994 to 1994 to 1994 .
9: The first TV show designed for preschoolers to feature a black family , it ran for three seasons , from 1994 to 1997 .

s: Known during development as Xbox Next , Xenon , Xbox 2 , Xbox FS or NextBox , the Xbox 360 was conceived in early 2003 .
t: Before Microsoft revealed the console 's real name , it was called the Xbox 2 , Xenon , Xbox Next , NextBox and other names .
0: Known during development as Xbox , Xbox , Xbox , Xbox , Xbox Fbox , Xbox , Xbox , Xbox 360 was conceived in early 2003 .
1: Known during development as Xbox Next , XXXXXX , boxes , Xbox Fox XXXX .
2: The Xbox Next , Xbox FS or Next , Xbox , Xbox , Xbox , Xbox FSor Next , Xbox , Xbox , Xbox , Xbox , Xbox FS or Next , Xbox , Xbox , Xbox , Xbox , Xbox , Xbox , Xbox , Xbox , Xbox , Xbox , Xbox , Xbox , Xbox , and toxboxbox .
3: Known during development as Xbox Next , Xbox 2 , Xbox 2 , Xbox , the Xbox , the Xbox , the Xbox , Xbox , Xbox , Xbox , Xbox , Xbox , Xbox , Xbox , Xbox , Xbox , Xbox , the Xbox , and Xbox 360 .
9: Known during development as Xbox Next , Xbox 2 , 2 , Xbox FS or Nextbox , the Xbox 360 was conceived in early 2003 .

s: A formula for soap consisting of water , alkali , and cassia oil was written on a Babylonian clay tablet around 2200 BC .
t: A recipe for soap having water , alkali and cassia oil was written on a Babylonian clay tablet around 2200 BC .
0: A formula for soap consisting of water , alkali , and cassia oil written on a Babylonian clayl tablet around 2200 BC .
1: A formula for soap consisting of water , all and a based sia started with the Ball County .
2: A formula for soap consisting of water , alkali , and cassia oil was written on a Babylonian clay tablet around 2000 BC .
3: A formula formula consisting of water , alkay tablet around 200 BC .
9:

s: Thus , they need to secure alternative sites unless restrictions are waived due to extreme or otherwise unusual weather .
t: Therefore , they need to find different locations .
0: Thus , they need to secure alternative suns are waived due to extreme or otherwise unusual weatherwise unusual weatherwise unless restrictions are waived due to extreme or other .
1: Thus , they need to secure alternative sites unives restrictions are was a such to extrement .
2: Thus , they need to secure alternative sites unless restrictions are waived due to extreme or otherwise unusal weather .
3: They alternative sites unless restrictions are waived due to extreme or other or other or other or other or other .
9: They need to secure alternative sites unless restrictions are waived due to extreme or otherwise unusual weather .

s: Most of the lyrics are sung by Waters ; lead guitarist David Gilmour provides vocals on only one of the album 's tracks .
t: Meanwhile , David Gilmour sings lead vocals on only one of the album 's twelve songs , the rest being sung entirely by Waters .
0: Most of the lyrics are sung by Waters ; lead guitarist David Gilmour provides vocals on one of the album 's tracks .
1: Most of the largest of sung by Waters , lead guitarist David Gilmour Divolves vocal song .
2: Most of the lyrics are sung by Waters ; lead guitarist David Gilmour provides vocals on only only only only only only only only only only only only only only only only only only only only only only only only only only only onlye .
3: Most of the lyrics are sung by Waters ; lead guitarist David Gilmour provides vocals only only one of the album 's tracks .
9:

s: When they played together in an ensemble , the parts of some instruments would then have to be transposed to compensate .
t: Having transposing instruments makes it possible for pipes to play in several different keys .
0: The played together in an ensemble , the parts of some instruments would together .
1: When they played to the seen and the bles to the state the seen the seen would the new seen the seen to the second .
2: The played together in an ensemble , the parts of some instruments would then have together instruments would the parts of some instruments would the parts of some instruments would the parts of some instrument .
3: The parts of the played together in an ensemble , the parts of some instruments would together together together together .
9:

s: By the end of 31 , he would be arrested , summarily executed and his body unceremoniously cast down the Gemonian stairs .
t: By the end of 31 , he would be arrested , summarily executed .
0: He would body in the would be arrested , summarily executed and his body unceremoniously cast down the Gemoniously cast down the Gemoniously cast down the Gemoniously cast down the Gemoniously cast down the Gemoniously cast down the Gemoniously .
1: By the end of 31 , he would be arrested , summerican be used and his body under monious control .
2: He would be arrested , summarily executed and his body unceuted and his body unceremoniously cast down the Gemonian stairs .
3: By the end of 31 , he would be arrested , summarily executed and his body unceremonian stairs .
9:

s: Dendritic cells were first described by Paul Langerhans ( hence `` Langerhans cells '' ) in the late nineteenth century .
t: Dendritic cells were first described by Paul Langerhans ( Langerhans cells ) in the late nineteenth century .
0: Dendritic cells were first described by Paul Langer .
1: Dendritic cells were first described by Paul Langerhans ( he `` Language Lans '' line '' in the later in the control .
2: Dendritic cells were first described by Paul Langerhans ( hence `` Langerhans cells '' ) in the late nineth century .
3: Dendritic cells were first described by Paul Langerhans ( hendritic cells ) in the late nineteenth century .
9: Dendritic cells were first described by Paul Langerhans .

s: López is currently a Professor in the Department of Physics at the University of Texas at Arlington ( faculty profile ) .
t: López is currently a Professor in the Department of Physics at the University of Texas at Arlington .
0: López is currently a Professor in the Department of Physics at the University of Texas at Arlington ( faculty professor in the University of Texas at Arlington ( faculty professor in the University of Texas at Arlington ) .
1: Lápez is currently a Professor in the Department of the United States .
2: Lópezartment of Physics currently professor in the University of Physics at the University of Texas at Arlington ( faculty profile ) .
3: Lápez is currently a Professor in the Department of Physics at the University of Texas at Arlington ( faculty profile ) .
9:

s: A more complex ligature that combines as many as seven distinct components is commonly used to represent the word Allāh .
t: Usually , Latin-alphabet ( Arabic ) numbers are used .
0: A more complex ligature that components is components in the word Allé .
1: A more complex light to that combines as many as seven disting the Alantic is complete used to represent the All .
2: A more complex ligature that combines as many as seven distinct components is components is components is components in the word All .
3: A more complex ligature that components as many as seven distinct components is components is components to represent to represent to represent to represent to represent to represent to represent to represent to represent the thireesel that the thir t t th
9:

s: A Super Mushroom transforms Mario into Super Mario , with glowing overalls and the strength to withstand two enemy hits .
t: A Super Mushroom transforms Mario into Super Mario , making Mario glow and have the strength to take two enemy hits .
0: A Super Mushroom transforms Mario into Super Mario , with glowing overalls and two into with the strength to with the strength the strength the strength glowing overal .
1: A Super Mushroom transforms Mario into Super Mario , with gold with the to the the strength the world .
2: A Super Mushroom transforms Mario into Super Mario , with glowing overalls and two enemy hits .
3: A Super Mushroom transforms Mario into Super Mario into Super Mario into Super Mario into with the strength to enemy hits .
9:

s: After her death c. 952 Fulk made another astute political marriage to Adelaide , the widow of Alan II , Duke of Brittany .
t: After Gerberga died c. 952 Fulk made another astute political marriage .
0: After her death c. 952 Fulk made another astute political marriage to Adelaide , the widow of Alan II , Duke of Alan II , Duke of Alan II , Duke of Alan II , Duke of Alan II , Duke of Alan II , Duke of Alan II , Duke of Alan II , Duke of Alan II , .
1: After her death century Frank France and as the political marriage to Adelaide , the with Alfrican II , Duke Ball .
2: After her death c. 952 Fulk made another astute political marriage to Adelaide , the widow of Alan II , Duke of Britany .
3: After her death c. made another another another and II , Duke of Adelaide , the widow of Alan II , Duke of Brittany .
9:

s: However , England failed to be chosen for the 2018 tournament , and Plymouth Argyle entered administration in March 2011 .
t: Plymouth Argyle has never won a match by more than 7 goals .
0: However , England failed to be chosen for the 2011 tournament , and Plymouth Argyle entered administration in March 2011 .
1: However , England failed to be chosen for the 2010 to 18 .
2: However , England failed tournament , and Plymouth Argyle entered a different tournament , and Plymouth Argyle entered a different .
3: However , England failed tournament , and Plymouth Argyle entered a new entered a diministration in March 2011 .
9:

s: Upon finally defeating Blados , Chalis , and other adversaries , the Apollo Lens is activated and the Grave Eclipse ends .
t: After activating the Apollo 's lens and stopping the Grave Eclipse , they and new friends return to their own homes .
0: Upon finally defeating Blados , Chalis , and other adversaries , the Apollo Lens is activated and the Graversaries , and the Gravel Eclipse ends .
1: The Ball Classiferent and the Ball , Charles of the German Empire .
2: Upon finally defeating Blados , Chalis , and other adversaries , the Apollo Lens is activated and the Grave Eclipsee ends .
3: The Apollo Lens is a controllogy is a collor .
9:

s: Many poor and lower middle class Romans lived in crowded , dirty and mostly rundown rental apartments , known as insulae .
t: Ordinary people lived in apartment blocks called Insulae , a kind of apartment building .
0: Many poor and lower middle class Romans lived in crown rental apartments , dirty and mostly run .
1: Many poor and lower middle class a series .
2: Many poor and lower midle class Romans lived in crowded , dirty and mostly rundown rental apartments , known as insulae .
3: Many poor and lower midle class lived in crowded in crowded , dirty rundown rental apartments , known rental apartments , known rental apartments , known rental apartments , known rental apartments , known as insular .
9:

s: For adults , the following may help prevent anal fissures : In infants , frequent diaper change can prevent anal fissure .
t: These recommendations only make sense if the patient is sure that the problem is an anal fissure .
0: For adults , the following may help prevent anal fissures : In infants , frequent anal fissure can anal fissure .
1: For adults , the following may help prevent and the surface and present , and entered and prevent .
2: The following may help prevent anal fissures : Infants , frequent diaper change can prevent anal fissure .
3: The fissure prevent and prevent and prevent anal fissures : Infants , frequent diaper canal prevent and prevent and prevent and prevent and prevent and prevent and prevent and prevent and prevent and prevent .
9:

s: On Formula 1 's return to Japan in 1987 , the Grand Prix found a new venue at the redesigned and revamped Suzuka Circuit .
t: Formula One returned to Japan in 1987 .
0: On Formula 1987 , the Grand Prix found and Prix found and Prix found a new venue at the reducit .
1: On Formula 1978 , the Greek Panter , German Park German Park German Park German Park .
2: On Formula 1 's return to Japan in 1987 , the Grand Prix found a new venue at the redesigned and revamped Suzuzka Circuit .
3: On Formula 1 's return to Japan in 1987 , the Grand Prix found an in 1987 .
9: On Formula 1 , 1 , the Grand Prix found a new venue at the redesigned and revamped Suzuka Circuit .

s: Most subarctic climates have very little precipitation , typically no more than 15 inches ( 380 mm ) over an entire year .
t: The subarctic climate is a subset of the continental climate .
0: Most subarctic climates have very little precipation , typically no more than 150 miltte precipation , over and the second .
1: Most subarctic climates have very little present in the 185 million the 185 miles ( 18.5 m ) .
2: Most subarctic climates have very little precipitation , typically no more than 15 inches ( 380 m ) over an entire year .
3: Most subarctic climates have very little precipitation , typically nore than 150 m m more than 150 m m ( 380 m m ) over an entire year .
9:

s: Zakynthos ( Greek : Ζάκυνθος , ( ˈzacinθos ) ( listen ) ) or Zante ( from Venetian ) is a Greek island in the Ionian Sea .
t: Zakynthos ( or Zante ) is a Greek island .
0: Zakynthos ( Greek is a Greek in the Ionian Sea ) or Zante ( from Venetian Sea ) is a Greek island in the Ionian Sea .
1: Zakynthos ( Greek :                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        .
2: Zakynthos ( Greek :  akynthos ( from Venetian ) or Zante ( from Venetian ) island in the Ionian Sea .
3: Zakynthos ( Greek :     ) is a Greek is a Greek is a Greek is a Greek is a Greek island in the Ionian Sea .
9: Zakynthos ( Greek :                            ,                                  ) is a Greek island in the Ionian Sea .

s: Expressed algebraically , for quantities a and b with a ) b , where the Greek letter phi ( ) represents the golden ratio .
t: The Greek letter ( phi ) is usually used as the name for the golden ratio .
0: Expressed algebraically , for quantities and because the Greek letter philose .
1: Expressed algebrain also a been antities and the with a been the German to the peter philosopher .
2: Expresed algebraically , for quantities and bwith a and because the golden ratio .
3: Expressed algebraically , for quantities and be the Greek letter philo .
9: Expressed algebraically , for quantities a and b with a with a b , where the Greek letter phi ( ) represents the golden ratio .

s: Most of the year 's rainfall is compressed into these months , and during this period , many low-lying areas are flooded .
t: Most of the year 's rainfall is happens in these months , and many low-lying areas are flooded .
0: Most of the year 's rainfall is compressed into the small of low-like a special is period .
1: Most of the years ' rainfall is compressed into the end the story , and a this period .
2: Most of the year 's rainfall is compresed into these months , and during this period , many low-lying areas areas are flooded .
3: Most of the year 's rainfall is compressed into the months , and during this perioded .
9:

s: His descendants include Feliciano , Tomás , Ángel , Saturnino , and Isabelino Canaveris , who all served in the military .
t: Among their descendants are Feliciano , Tomás , Ángel , Saturnino , and Isabelino Canaveris all military .
0: His descendants include Feliciano , Tomás , Saturnio , and Isabeliciano Canaveris , who all served in the military .
1: His descendants include Felician , Salo , , San , , Saturning , and Isabelin Canada , and who was served in the military .
2: His descendants include Feliciano , Tomás , and Isabelino , and Isabelino Canaveris , who all served in the military .
3: His descendants include Feliciano , Tomés , near served in the military .
9: His descendants include Feliciano , Tomás , and Isabelino Canaveris , who all served in the military .

s: In 1805 , Lucca was conquered by Napoleon , who installed his sister Elisa Bonaparte Baciocchi as `` Queen of Etruria '' .
t: In 1805 Lucca was taken over by Napoleon , who put his sister Elisa Bonaparte Baciocchi in the place reserved for the `` Queen of Etruria '' .
0: In 1805 , Lucca was conquered by Napoleon , who isster Elisa Bonaparter Elisa Bonaparte Baciocchi as `` Queen of Elisa '' .
1: In 1805 , Lucas was conquered by Napoleon , who instally this sister Elisa .
2: In 1805 , Luca was conquered by Napoleon , who installed his sister Elisa Bonaparte Baciochi as `` Queen of Etruria '' .
3: In 1805 , Lucca was conquered by Napoleon , who installed hister Elisa Bonapoleon , who he was `` Queen of Etruria '' .
9:

s: There are many independent labels ; folk singer Ani DiFranco 's Righteous Babe Records is often cited as an ideal example .
t: While there are many independent labels , folk singer Ani DiFranco 's Righteous Babe Records is often cited as an ideal example .
0: There are many independent labels ; folk singer Ani Die Fneral example .
1: There are many independent labels ; folk singer Anirist France Roman Republic Roman Roman Roman British Roman British Roman Roman British Roman British Roman Roman British Roman British Roman British Roman British Roman British Roman .
2: There are many independent labels ; folk singer Ani DiFranco 's Righteous Babeels .
3: There are many independent labels ; folk singer Ani Diranco 's Righteous Babel example .
9:

s: The thermometer then was placed into the mixture and the liquid in the thermometer allowed to descend to its lowest point .
t: His thermometers used Ethyl alcohol at first , but he later switched to using mercury .
0: The thermometer the the mixture and to the mixture and the liquid into its lowed to descend to its lowest placed to its lowest placed to its lowest placed to descend to descended to the the the time .
1: The the most the most the most the most the most the the liquid in the the most to the were the scentries .
2: The thermometer the mixture and the mixture and the liquid in the thermometer allowed to descend to descend to its lowest point .
3: The thermometer the liquid into the mixture and the liquid in the liquid in the to descend to descend to its lowest point .
9:

s: The goal of the genre is often to capture the methods and accuracy of science , while making the language more accessible .
t: The purpose of popular science is to show scientific literature in a way that different types of scientists , and people who are not scientists , will easily understand .
0: The goal of the genre is often to cach of science , while methods and accessible making the language making the language more accessible .
1: The goal of the genre is often to capture the methods and accuration .
2: The goal of the genree is often to capture the methods and accuracy of science , while making the language more accessible .
3: The goal of the genre is often to capture the methods and accuracy of science .
9:

s: The chronicler also claimed that the duke secured the support of Holy Roman Emperor Henry IV and King Sweyn II of Denmark .
t: King Henry I of France also approved of William .
0: The chronicler also claimed that the duke support of Holy Roman Emperor Holy Roman Emperor Henry II of Denmark .
1: The chronicle the House of Herital Royal House of the House of England House Emperor Hery IV III .
2: The chronicler also claimed that the duke secured the support of Holy Roman Emperor Henry IV and King Sweyn IV and King Sweyn IV and King Sweyn IV and King Sweyn IV and King Sweyn IV and King Sweyn IV .
3: The chronicler also claimed that the duke secured the support of Holy Roman Emperor Henry II of Denmark .
9:

s: It was originally awarded to the top player in the Czechoslovak First Ice Hockey League , beginning in the 1968-69 season .
t: It was first awarded to the top player in the Czechoslovak First Ice Hockey League , beginning in the 1968-69 season .
0: It was originally awarded to the top player in the Czechoslovake First Ice Hockey League , beginning in the 1968-9668 season .
1: It was originally awarded to the to produced the Charles Charles in 1968 .
2: It was originally awarded to the top player in the Czechoslovak First Ice Hockey League , beginning in the 1968-6968-6968-6968-6968-696 season .
3: It was originally awarded to the Czechoslovak First Ice Hockey League , beginning in the 1968-696 season .
9:

s: The Tina / Colby / Keith alliance stayed together to the end , and Colby took Tina with him into the final Tribal Council .
t: Note 4 : Colby and Jeff were tied 5-5 at Tribal Council and in earlier Tribal Councils , Jeff had two votes , therefore , Jeff was eliminated
0: The Tina was a colby Keith alliance stayed together to the end , and Colby took Tinal Tinal Tinal Tinal Tinal Colby .
1: The Tina / Colby / Keith allian Time Collegory .
2: The Tina / Colby is a colby to the end , and Colby to the end , and Colby took Tinal Tribal Council .
3: The Tina / Colby / Keith alliance stayed together together together to the end , and Colby together together together together together together together to the final Tribal Council .
9:

s: Coyotes are capable of digging their own burrows , though they often prefer the burrows of groundhogs or American badgers .
t: The coyote is found though out North American from California up to as far as Alaska .
0: Coyotes are capable of digging their own burrows , though they often prefer the burrows of ground host of ground .
1: Coyotes are capable of digital their own burrows , the go they were not for the burrows of ground of the group of the became a series .
2: Coyotes are capable of diging their own burrows , though they often prefer the burrows of groundhogs or American badgers .
3: Coyotes are capable of digiging their own burrows , they often prefer they often proundhogs of groundhogs or American badgers .
9:

s: Common names include : Sri Lankan green pit viper , Sri Lankan pit viper , pala polonga ( පළ ප ළඟ ) , and green pit viper .
t: The Sri Lankan Green Pit viper is viviparous , meaning they give live birth .
0: Common names include : Sri Lankanankana pit viper , Sri Lankanankana pit viper , and greenn pit viper , and greenn pit viper .
1: Common names include : Sri Lankan green pitch performation part of viper .
2: Common names include : Sri Lankan green pitt viper , Sri Lankan pitt viper , pala polonga (    ,   , and green pit viper ) .
3: Common names include : Sri Lankan green piper , Sri Lankan piper , pit viper , pit viper , and green piper .
9: Common names include : Sri Lankan green pit viper , Sri Lankan pit viper , pala polonga (      ) , and green pit viper .

s: His other music includes cantatas , overtures , part-songs , instrumental pieces and songs , all markedly Scottish in type .
t: This was a very successful piece , and it remains the only composition of his which is still often performed .
0: His other music includes cantatas , overtumental marked the scottis of the sang , all marked songs , all marked songs , in type .
1: His other music in the secantation , and string , and several string the seconds , and string the second , and string the produce .
2: His other music includes cantas , overtures , part-songs , instrumental pieces and songs , all markedly Scottish in type .
3: His other music includes cantas , overtures , part-songs , instrumental pieces and songs , all markedly Scottish in the instrumental markedly Scottish instrumental pieces and songs , and songs , all markedly Scotish .
9:

s: Beginning around the 10th millennium BC , this region of the Nubian Desert began to receive more rainfall , filling a lake .
t: From around the 10th millennium BC , this area began to get more rainfall than before .
0: Beginning around the 10th millenning around the Nubian Desert beginning at the Nubian Desert beginning a lake .
1: Beginning around the 100 BC , in the BC , this in the of the Nubian Desert began to receive more failed language .
2: Beginning around the 10th millenium BC , this region of the Nubian Desert began to receive more rainfall , filling a lake .
3: Beginning around the 10th millennium BC , the Nubian Desert began to receive morecrate .
9:

s: Most of the pages in the talk namespaces are used to discuss changes to the corresponding page in the associated namespace .
t: Examples of pages in this namespace are Talk : Main Page and Talk : Music .
0: Most of the pages in the talk namespaces are used to discuss changes to the corresponding pages in the associated namespaces .
1: Most of the pages in the talk names acess a person the scussion .
2: Most of the pages in the talk namespaces are used to discuss changes to the corresponding pages to the associated namespace .
3: The pages in the pages in the talk namespacespacespaces to discuss changes to the correspacespacespacespace .
9:

s: Outer space is an even higher-quality vacuum , with the equivalent of just a few hydrogen atoms per cubic meter on average .
t: Outer space is not a perfect vacuum , because there is a very small number of particles there .
0: Outer space is an even higher-quality vacuum , with the equivalent of just a few year .
1: Outer space is an even higher-quality vacuum , with the equival to of just and with the several .
2: Outer space is an even higher quality vacum , with the equivalent of just a few hydrogen atoms person average .
3: The equivale is an even higher-quality vacum , with the equivalent of just a few hydrogen atoms per on average .
9:

s: Magneto and Mystique kill the rest of Stryker 's men , and Magneto stops Jason and Xavier before Cerebro kills any mutants .
t: Mystique has found out where Magneto was staying .
0: Magneto and Mystique kills to stops Jason and Magneto stops Jason and Magneto stops Jason and Magneto stops Jason .
1: Magneto and Mystique killed the Magneton , Magneton , Mander and Japan series .
2: Magneto and Mystique kills and Mystique kills and Magneto stops Jason and Xavier before Cerebro kills any mutants .
3: Magneto and Mystique kill the rest of Stryker 's men , and Magneto stops Jason and Magneto kills and Magneto kills any mutants .
9:

s: The track 's horn-driven hook samples instrumentation from The Chi-Lites ' 1970 song `` Are You My Woman ( Tell Me So ) . ''
t: The song contains a prominent horn sample from The Chi-Lites ' 1970 `` Are You My Woman ( Tell Me So ) '' , and serves as the song 's hook .
0: The track 's horn-driven horn driven instrumentation from The Chi-Lites 's on from Tell My Woman ( Tell Me Song `` Are You My Woman ( Tell Me Song `` Are You My Woman ''' ) .
1: The track 's horn-driver hook same the The London in 1970s `` Line Lites '' .
2: The track 's horn-driven hook samples instrumentation from The Chi-Lites ' 1970 song `` Aree You My Woman ( Tell Me So ) '' .
3: The track 's horn-driventation from The Chi-Lites ' Lites ' Lites ' 1970 song `` Are You My Woman ( Tell Me Sou Me Sou Me Sou Me Sou Me Sou Me South . ''
9:

s: The Klingon Christmas Carol play is the first production that is primarily in Klingon ( only the narrator speaks English ) .
t: The Klingon language feels like talking backwards .
0: The Klingon Christmas Carolly is the first production ( on the narrator speaks English ) .
1: The Klingon Christmas Carol player Charles Christian in the King King ( King ) .
2: The Klingon Christmas Carol play is the first primarily in Klingon ( only the narrator speaks English ) .
3: The Klingon Christmas Carol play is the first primarily in Klingon ( only the narrator speaks English ) .
9:

s: Edward Doty , a servant of Stephen Hopkins , departed Plymouth , England , aboard the Mayflower on September 6 / 16 , 1620 .
t: Edward Doty left Plymouth , England on 16 September 1620 .
0: Edward Doty , a servant of Stephen Hopkins , departed Plymouth , aboard the Mayflower on September on September 6 / 16 , 16 , 1620 .
1: Edward Doty , a servant of Stephen Hopkins , departed Plymouth , England , and the Mary 16 , 16 , 16 .
2: Edward Doty , a servant of Stephen Hopkins , departed Plymouth , England , aboard the Mayflower on September 620 .
3: Edward Doty , a servant of Stephen Hopkins , departed Plymouth , England , aboard the Mayflower on September 6 / 1620 .
9:

s: The five musicians met up in Nashville one day in 2005 and decided that they needed to `` do something musical together '' .
t: The five people met up in Nashville on one day in 2005 and decided to `` do something musical together '' .
0: The five musicians met up in Nashville one day in 2005 and decided together ' .
1: The five musicians metal part of the died to the district the died that they new to the `` most make '' .
2: The five musicians mething musicians mething musicians mething musicians mething musicians mething musical together '' .
3: The five musicians met up in Nashville one day in 2005 and decided to something music in Nashville .
9:

s: During the first election campaign in 1855 , one candidate , Daniel Cameron , rode a horse shod with solid gold horseshoes .
t: In the first election in 1855 , one candidate , Daniel Cameron , rode a horse with solid gold horse shoes through the main street .
0: During the first election campaign in 1855 , one cameron , one cameron , rode a horses shorses shores shores shores .
1: During the first election campaign in 1855 , one candidated , and a Cameron , Danist horse show with solid gold horse host .
2: During the first election campaign in 185 , one candidate , Daniel Cameron , rode a horseshoes .
3: During the first election campaign in 1855 , one candidate , Daniel Cameron , rode a horseshoeshoeshoeshoes .
9:

s: This uprising , the aim of which was to achieve the independence of Catalonia , was based in Prats de Molló ( Roussillon ) .
t: This uprising was based in Prats de Molló ( Roussillon ) .
0: This uprising , the aim of which was to actalonia , which was based in Prats de Mollén .
1: This uprising , the air of which was to achieve the independence of Catalonia , was based in Prats Montell ( Rose ) .
2: This uprising , the aim of which was to achieve the independence of Catalonia , was based in Prats de Moló ( Rousillon ) .
3: This uprising , the aim of which was to achieve the independence of Catalonia , was based in Prats de Mollé ( Roussillon ) .
9:

s: Episodes can occasionally be seen in syndication , on a variety of websites , on Netflix or on Comcast 's On Demand service .
t: Episodes can be seen in syndication , or on some websites .
0: Episodes can occasionally be seen in syndication , on Netflix on Comcast 's On Demand service .
1: Episodes can occasionally be seen in syndication , one of North North Color , the North Cornection October .
2: Episodes can occasionally be seen in syndication , on Netflix or on Comcast 's On Demand service .
3: Episodes can occasionally be seen in syndication , on Netflix on Netflix or or or or or or or or or or on Demand service .
9:

s: Thornton adapted the book All the Pretty Horses into a 2000 film with the same name , starring Matt Damon and Penélope Cruz .
t: The movie starred Matt Damon and Penélope Cruz .
0: Thornton adapted the book All the Pretty Horses into a 2000 film with the same name name name name name name name name name name name name name name name name name name name name .
1: Thornton adapted the book Allies the Party County .
2: Thornton adapted the book All the Pretty Horses into a 2000 film with the same name name name name name name name name name name name name name name name name name name name name name name name name name name name name .
3: Thornton adapted the book All the Pretty Horses into a 2000 film with the same name name name name name name , starring Matt Damon and Penélope Cruz .
9:

s: They became the new face of the children 's yogurt , Dannon Danimals , in 2009 ; their endorsement deal was renewed in 2010 .
t: In March 2009 , they started advertising for Dannon Danimals .
0: They became the new face of the children 's yogurt , Dannon Dannon Dannon Dannon Dannon Dannon Dannon Dannon Dannon Dannon Dannon Dannon Dannon Danimals .
1: They became the new face of the children 's young Day , non Danimals , Danist .
2: They became the new face of the children 's yogurt , Danimals , in 2009 .
3: They became the new face of the children 's yogurt , Dannon Dannon Dannon Dannon Dannon Dannon Dannon Dannon Dannon Dannon Dannon Dannon Dannon Dannon Dannon Dannon Dannon Dannon Dannon Dannon Dannon Dannon Dannon Dannonon Danonononon Danononon Danonononon
9: They became the new face of the children 's yogurt , Dannon Danimals , in 2009 .

s: In the United States the Carboniferous is usually broken into Mississippian ( earlier ) and Pennsylvanian ( later ) Periods .
t: In the U.S.A. the Carboniferous is divided into the Mississippian ( lower part , 359-323 .2 mya ) and the Pennsylvanian ( upper part , 323.2-299 mya ) .
0: In the United States the Carboniferous is usually broken into Mississippian ( later ) and Pennsylvanian ( later ) and Pennsylvanian ( later ) and Pennsylvanian ( later ) and Pennsylvanian ( later ) and Pennsylvanian ( later ) and Pennsylvania ( later .
1: In the United States the Carboniferous is usually broken into Mississippian ( Perlier ) and Pennsylvania ( Pennsylvania ) .
2: In the United States the Carboniferous is usually broken into Missippian ( earlier ) and Pennsylvanian ( later ) Periods .
3: In the United States the Carboniferous is usually broken into Mississippian ( earlier ) and Pensylvanian ( later ) Pensylvanian ( later ) Pensylvanian ( later ) Pensylvanian ( later ) Pensylvanian ( later ) Periods .
9:

s: Additionally , he commented that he does n't know when and how will the story end since there are still many things to solve .
t: The story is not finished yet .
0: He was the does not known as the does now when and how will the story end since the story end since things to solve .
1: Additionally , he comment to the he does the won which was how will the story to the century .
2: He commented that he commented that he does n't know will the story end since there are still many things to solve .
3: Additionally , he commented that he does now when and how will the story end since the still many things to solve .
9:

s: The statue was moved to the Accademia Gallery in Florence in 1873 , and later replaced at the original location by a replica .
t: During 1873 it was moved to the Accademia Gallery in Florence to protect it from damage .
0: The statue was moved to the Accademia Gallery in Florence in 1873 , and later replaced at the original location by a replaced at the original location by a replaced at the original location by a replaced at the original location by a replaced at the .
1: The statue was moved to the Acada German Germany Florence in 1873 , and later replace .
2: The statue was moved to the Academia Gallery in Florence in 1873 , and later replaced at the original location by a replica .
3: The statue was moved to the Academia Gallery in Florence in 1873 , and later replaced at the original location by a replica .
9:

s: It also has the remains of 28 sailors from the German submarine U-85 , which was sunk by USS Roper off Cape Hatteras in 1942 .
t: It was sunk by USS Roper off Cape Hatteras in 1942 .
0: It also has the remains of 28 submarine USR operate Hatteras in 1942 .
1: It also has the remains of 28 sailors from the German submarine United States Roman Carol .
2: It also has the remains of 28 sailors from the German submarine U-85 , which was sunk by U-8 , which was sunk by U-8 .
3: It also has the remains of 28 sailors from the German submarine US Roperas sunk by US Roperas in 1942 .
9:

s: Real wealth was defined by Arthur Cecil Pigou as the sum of the money supply and government bonds divided by the price level .
t: Wealth was defined by Arthur Cecil Pigou as `` the sum of the money supply and government bonds divided by the price level '' .
0: Real wealth was defined by Arthur Cecil Pigou as the supply and government bonds divided by the price level .
1: Real wealth was defined by Arthur Cecil Pigounts the summer the money supply and government bonds divided by the province .
2: Real wealth was defined by Arthur Cecil Pigou as the summent bonds divided by the price level .
3: Real wealth was defined by Arthur Cecil Pigou as the summent by and government bonds divided by the price level .
9:

s: By middle school , she knew she was interested in comedy , doing an independent-study project on the subject in eighth grade .
t: By middle school , she knew she was interested in comedy .
0: By middle school , she knew she was interested in comedy , doing an in eight grade .
1: By middle school , she knew she was interested in comedy , doing and do the enterest to the to the just just in the started .
2: By middle school , she knew she was interested in comedy , doing an independent study project on the subject in eighth grade .
3: The knew school , she knew she was interested in comedy , doing an independent independent in eighth grade .
9:

s: In the Austrian half , however , the Emperor had the power to both appoint and dismiss its Prime minister and cabinet members .
t: Each had its own prime minister .
0: In the Austrian half , however , the Emperor had the power to both appoint and dismissiter and cabinet members .
1: In the Austrian has a part of the East peror had the power to be the point of the mission .
2: In the Austrian half , however , the Emperor had the power to both appoint and dismision .
3: In the Austrian half , however , the Emperor had the power to both appoint and dismister and cabinet member and cabinet members .
9:

s: It became the second best selling debut album and the ninth biggest-selling album of 2011 in the UK , shifting 791,000 copies .
t: In 2011 he made his first album , called + .
0: It became the selling debut album of 2011 in the ninth biggest selling album of 2011 in the UK , shifting 7911 in the UK , shifting 7911 in the UK , shifting 7911 in the UK , selling album of 2011 in the UK , shifting 7911 in the UK , selling 7911 .
1: It became the second best selling debut album and the ninto biggest-selling album of 2010 in the UK , ship in 1970 .
2: It became the second best selling debut album and the ninth biggest-selling album of 2011 in the UK , shifting 791 , shifting 791 , shifting 791 , shifting 791 .
3: It became the selling debut album of 2011 inth biggest-selling album of 2011 in the UK , shifting 791,000 copies .
9:

s: nebulae or nebulæ , with ligature , or nebulas ) is an interstellar cloud of dust , hydrogen , helium and other ionized gases .
t: A nebula , which comes from the Latin word for mist or cloud , is an interstellar cloud of dust , hydrogen , helium , and other gases .
0: He was the ligature , with ligature , or nebular cloud of dust , hydrogen , hydrogen , hydrogen , helium and other ionized gases .
1: The same a nebular , the light , and the bullet , and the string , and the first , and the same .
2: The cloud of dust , hydrogen , hydrogen , hydrogen , hydrogen , hydrogen , hydrogen , hydrogen , hydrogen , hydrogen , hydrogen , hydrogen , hydrogen , hydrogen , hydrogen , hydrogen , hydrogen , hydrogen , hydroges .
3: The cloud or nebular cloud or nebulas interstellar cloud of dust , hydrogen , hydrogen , hydrogen , hydrogen , hydrogen , helium and other ionized gases .
9: nebulae or nebulae or nebulas , and the state of the state of the dust , hydrogen , helium and other ionized gases .

s: Tefnut ( / ˈtɛfˌnʊt / ; Egyptian : Tefenet ) is a goddess of moisture , moist air , dew and rain in Ancient Egyptian religion .
t: Tefnut was the ancient Egyptian goddess of water and fertility .
0: Tefnut ( born Ancient Egyptian : Tefenet ) is a goddess of moisture , moisture , dew and rain in Ancient Egyptian religion .
1: Tefnut is a perfort is a profession of the East and Ades , and East .
2: Tefnut ( Egyptian : Egyptian : Tefenet ) is a goddess of moisture , moisture , moisture , moisture , moisture , moisture , moisture , moisture , moisture , moisture , moisture , moisture , moisture , moisture .
3: Tefnut ( Egyptian : Tefenet ) is a goddess of moisture , moisture , moisture , deward rain in Ancient Egyptian religion .
9: Tefnut is a goddess of moisture , moist air , dew and rain in Ancient Egyptian religion .

s: Calcium and bicarbonate ions within the water are then able to combine , to form calcium carbonate ( CaCO3 ) as a precipitate .
t: Carbonates are rocks formed from these sources , plus any CaCO3 which is precipitated out of solution .
0: Calcium and bicarbonate ions within the water are to combine , to combine , to calcium calcium calcium calcium calcium calcium calcium calcium calcium calcium calcium calcium called like to called like to called like to called like to called the `` Calcito
1: Calcium and birth beate is a with the band the bacter .
2: Calcium and bicarbonate ions within the water are then able to combine , to form carbonate ( CaCO3 ) as a precipitate .
3: Calcium and bicarbonate ions within the water able to combine , to calcium carbonate ( Calcium carbonate ) and the Carbonate .
9:

s: For example , a major concern of every nation is the proper allocation of available national economic and financial resources .
t: For example , proper distribution of economic and financial resources of the state is a big question for every nation .
0: For example , a major concern at the propertice antional end financial resources .
1: For example , a major concernet for the part of the produce allowed to the productional concernet .
2: For example , a major concern of every national economic and financial resources .
3: For example , a major concern of every national economic and final resources .
9:

s: Animals that prey on ostriches of all ages may include cheetahs , lions , leopards , African hunting dogs , and spotted hyena .
t: Animals that prey on ostriches of all ages include cheetahs , lions , leopards , african dogs , and spotted hyena .
0: Animals that prey on on spotted cheeta .
1: Animals that prey on of the season of a conside , and some take , like a part of the season , and some the season .
2: Animals that prey on ostriches of all ages may include cheetahs , leopards , African hunting dogs , and spotted hye are thye are thye are thyena .
3: Animals that prey on on on other cheetahs , lions , lions , lions , lions , lions , African hunting dogs , and spotted hyeards , and spotted hyeards , lions , and spotted hyeards , and spotted hyeards .
9:

s: Examples of such use can be observed in the serials The Power of the Daleks , The Evil of the Daleks and Planet of the Daleks .
t: They first appeared in the first season episode of the series ( in `` The Daleks '' ) and they were last seen in the Series 7 episode `` Asylum of the Daleks '' ( 2012 ) .
0: Examples of such use can be observed in the Daleks .
1: Examples of such used to be of the Prince Deserials Dank .
2: The Daleks and Planet of the Daleks , The Power of the Daleks , The Evil of the Daleks , The Evil of the Daleks .
3: Examples of such use can be observed in the Daleks , The Daleks , The Daleks , The Daleks and Planet of the Daleks .
9: Examples of such use can be observed in the serials The Power of the Daleks .

s: Many members of other rodent genera and families are also referred to as rats , and share many characteristics with true rats .
t: Other mammals are called rat by many people , but those are not true rats , many are unrelated to the true Old World rat .
0: Many members of other rodent genera and families are also referred to as rats .
1: Many members of other rodent general and a life and series .
2: Many members of other rodent genera and families are also referered to as rats , and share many characteristics with true rats .
3: Many members of other rodent genera and families are also refered to as rats , and sharacteristics with true rats .
9:

s: An odd number is an indication of the involvement of a charged C atom or of a heteroatom lone pair replacing a CC double bond .
t: An odd number suggests that there is a charged C atom or of a heteroatom lone pair replacing a carbon-carbon double bond .
0: An odd number is an indication of a Cdouble bond .
1: An of the to the Color College College Colony Color Color Color Color Color and Color Colonic Cairch Color Color Color Colony .
2: An od number is an indication of the involvement of a charged Catom or of a heteroatom lone pair replacing a Cdouble bond .
3: An odd number is an indication of the involvement of a charged Cair replaced Cair replacing a Cdouble bond .
9:

s: Driving for Dragão Motorsport , Razia finished sixth in the championship taking six podium finishes , including two race wins .
t: He finished sixth in the championship .
0: Driving for Drago Motorsport , Razia finished sixth in the championship taking sixth in the championship two race winship the championship taking sixth in the championship taking sixt .
1: Driving for Dragon Motors River Razia finished sixth in the championship to the sixth primated in the including the receive in the sexual .
2: Driving for Drag Motorsport , Razia finished sixth in the championship taking sixth in the championship taking two race wins .
3: Driving for Drago Motorsport , Razia finished sixth in the championship taking sixth including the championship two race wins .
9:

s: Authorities ordered more than a hundred thousand people across the country to flee from Typhoon Nesat 's rains and wind gusts .
t: But damage from the storm was lighter than Typhoon Nesat .
0: Authorities ordered more than a hundred thousand people across than and wind gust .
1: Authorities ordered more than and the seasous the popular to of the for the first of the Top on Nesate 's National with a started .
2: Authorities ordered more than a hundred thousand people across the country to flee from Typhon Nesat 's rains and wind gusts .
3: Authorities ordered more than a hundred the country to flee across the country to flee from Typhoon Nesat 's rains and wind gusts .
9:

s: Unix ( officially trademarked as UNIX ) is a multitasking , multi-user computer operating system that exists in many variants .
t: UNIX , often spelled `` Unix '' when the product trademark is not important , is a multi-user multi-proccessing operating system .
0: Unix ( officially trademarked as UNIX ) is a multi-user computer operation .
1: Unix is a many like the are a many and sometimulation , and music used to make the state and the state .
2: Unix ( officially trademarked as UNIX ) is a multi-user computer operating system that exists in many variants .
3: Unix ( officially trademarked as UNIX ) is a multi-user computer computer computer operating system that exists in many variants .
9:

s: The Paleolithic is characterized by the use of knapped stone tools , although at the time humans also used wood and bone tools .
t: As well as using stone tools , they used tools of wood and bone .
0: The Paleolithic is characterized by the used stone tools .
1: The Paleolithic is characterial characterial to the story .
2: The Paleolithic is characterized by the use of knaped stone tools , although at the time humans also used wood and bone tools .
3: The Paleolithic is characterized by the used stone tools , although although a the time humans also used wood and bone tools .
9:

s: The sugar syrup is concentrated by boiling and then cooled and seeded with sugar crystals causing the sugar to crystallize out .
t: Sugar is not the only substance that makes food sweet .
0: The sugar syrup is concentrated by boiling and then cooled and seeded with sugar crystallize out .
1: The sugar system is a centrated by body because the contrated diseas a structure .
2: The sugar syrup is concentrated by boiling and then cooled and seeded with sugar crystals causing the sugar to crystals causing the sugar to crystals causing the sugar to crystals causing the sugar crystalize .
3: The sugar syrup is concentrated by boiling and then cooled and seeded with sugar crystallize out .
9:

s: In 1984 , Dylan asked Mick Taylor to assemble an experienced rock and roll band for a European tour he signed with Bill Graham .
t: Taylor formed his first band The Gods in 1965 .
0: In 1984 , Dylan asked Mick Taylor to assemble and rock and rock and roll band for a European tour he signed with Bill Graham .
1: In 1984 , Dylan asked Mickel Tole Toropser and became a collection and became a for a for English released to with Bill Graham .
2: In 1984 , Dylan asked Mick Taylor to assemble and roll band for a European tour he signed with Bill Graham .
3: In 1984 , Dylan asked Mick Taylor tour he and rock as experienced rock and for a European tour he signed with Bill Graham .
9:

s: In August 2010 , it was revealed that Jay-Z and Kanye West would be collaborating on a five-track EP entitled Watch the Throne .
t: In 2010 , he released Blue print 3 , but in 2011 he teamed up with Kanye to do an EP called Watch the Throne .
0: In August 2010 , it was revealed that Jay-Zany Zany Zanye West would be collaborating on a five-track EPen .
1: In August 2010 , it was revealed that Jay-Zeand Kany January , which the War The World The World The War The World The The World .
2: In August 2010 , it was revealed that Jay-Zand Kanye West would be collaborating on a five-track EP entitled Watch the Throne .
3: In August 2010 , it was revealed that Jay-Zany-Zany-Zany-Zany Zany Zany Zany Zany Zany Zany-Zany Zany-Zany Zany-Zany Zany Zany Zany Zany Zany Zany Zany Zany Zany Zany Zany Zany Zany Zany Zany .
9:

s: In 1886 , the Order was divided into the two classes of Knights Commander ( 50 at any given time ) and Companions ( no quota ) .
t: In 1887 , the Order was divided into the two classes of Knights Commander ( 50 at any given time ) and Companions ( no quota ) .
0: In 1886 , the Order was divided into the two classes of Knights Commander ( no quota ) and Commander ( no quota ) and Commander ( no quota ) .
1: In 1886 , the Order was divided into the two classes of Knights Commander ( 50 at any given ) .
2: In 1886 , the Order was divided into the two classes of Knights Companions ( no quota ) .
3: In 1886 , the Order was divided into the two classes of Knights Commander ( 50 at a ta any given time ) and Companions ( no quota ) .
9:

s: The Russian rock band Aria made a successful cover of `` Going to the Run '' as '' Беспечный ангел '' ( `` Careless Angel '' ) .
t: The Russian rock band Aria made a successful cover of `` Going To The Run '' .
0: The Russian rock band Aria made a successful cover of `` Carelessful cover of the Runs Angel '' ( `` Carelessful '' ) .
1: The Russian rock band Aria made a successful covered for Government of the Russian .
2: The Russian rock band Aria made a successful cover of `` Going to the Run '' .
3: The Russian rock band Aria made a successful cover of `` Going to the Run '' .
9: The Russian rock band Aria made a successful cover of `` Going to the Run '' as ''    ( `` Careless Angel '' ) .

s: The Common Buzzard ( Buteo buteo ) is a medium-to-large bird of prey , whose range covers most of Europe and extends into Asia .
t: The Common Buzzard ( Buteo buteo ) is a bird of prey .
0: The Common Buteo but of Europe and extends in the Common Buteo bird of Europe and extends into Asia .
1: The Common Buzzard ( Buteoria ) is is a medium ) is a composer of the East Europe Experies Experies Experies ) .
2: The Common Buzard ( Buteo buteo ) is a medium-to-large bird of prey , whose range covers most of Europe and extends into Asia .
3: The Common Buzzard ( Buteo ) is a medium-to-large bird of prey , whose range covers most of Europe and extends into Asia .
9: The Common Buzzard ( Buteo ) is a medium-to-large bird of prey , whose range covers most of Europe and extends into Asia .

s: Although hypercholesterolemia itself is asymptomatic , longstanding elevation of serum cholesterol can lead to atherosclerosis .
t: High levels of cholesterol can lead to atherosclerosis .
0: Although ypercholesterolesterolesterolesterols cholesterolesterolesterolesterols cholesteroles .
1: Although hypercholesterolemia is a lot of the some control of the second the second the color .
2: Although hypercholesterolemia itself is a symptomatic , longstanding elevation of serum cholesterolemia is .
3: Although hyperolesterolesterolesterolesterolesterolesterolesterolesterolesterolesterolesterolesterolesterosclerosclerosclerosclerosclerosclerosclerosclerosclerolesclerolescholesterolesterolescholescholescleroscleroscleroscler clerosclestesteron .
9:

s: Rave culture originated mostly from acid house music parties in the mid-to-late 1980s in the Chicago area in the United States .
t: Raves mostly developed from acid house music parties in the mid-to-late 1980s in England and Ibiza .
0: Rave culture originated mostly from acid house music parties in the mid-to-late 1980s in the United States .
1: Rave culture originated most of the United States .
2: Rave culture originated mostly from acid house music parties in the United States .
3: Rave culture originated mostly from acid house music parties in the mid-to-lates in the United States .
9:
